proj_unixname	description
a-4	Automation for managing Perforce codelines, based on a library of reusable Perl modules. Each codeline (branch) can have its own automated submit regression and shared default view.
a-a-p	A-A-P helps you with distributed development of software. Install a program on your system, obtain the sources and make modifications, manage multiple versions of the same project, distribute packages and much more. A-A-P runs on many operating systems.
a-accessvnm	We initiate an accounting software for Vietnamese that enables small enterprises, small user groups to get easier access to accounting that is modular based, easy to customize, open source and fast running, requires minimum installation based on MSAccess
a-ads-xml	ads-xml is the repository of the adms library of the UCM interface - the public interface of the Agilent RF analog simulator ADS. &lt;br/&gt;Guidelines on how to use the UCM interface are provided. &lt;br/&gt;The adms xml scripts can be downloaded from t
a-blog	Simple Blogging System using PHP and MySQL technologies.  Post new blog entries, with ratings and comments.  Customise the site to meet your own needs and alter stylesheet to achieve your own look and feel.
a-chat	A-chat is a platform agnostic Java applet GUI client (&lt; 8KB) and python server.  Features include: multiple named users and chats, Force a URL into a browser window, Timed connections, A current users column, optional error/operatonal/message logging.
a-conman	a-ConMan is a flexible database solution built to categorize and manage your image and video content. Giving you the ability to automate the building and updating for any type of content specific website within seconds. Utilizing one of the most advanced
a-f	a-f is a PHP Framework that inspired by azpiration (avm) designed by Harry S Kartono, and using the modified IWF Library.
a-gen	With A-Gen, one can create static Web photo albums directly from a directory of pictures. Since the album is static HTML, a Web server is not needed to view the album from a local medium. The albums created by A-Gen should be easy to use.
a-helper	Archmage Helper is an example set of simple scripts to play online games (http://www.the-reincarnation.com, http://www.shimlar.com).  You can use the clients as a models for your own scripts for a www-based games.
a-k-i-r-a	AKIRA aims to create a C++ development framework to build cognitive architectures and complex artificial intelligent agents.Features:KQML,Fuzzy Logic,Neural Net,Fuzzy Cognitive Maps and DIPRA (a distributed BDI - Belief Desire Intention goals model)
a-league-t	als ( another league script ) is an php/Mysql script for hte maintainace of any kind of league with quarter / third or halftimes. Full administration frontend is deliverd as statistics viewable by visitors.
a-lemmings	Project of team A-Team for Software Laboratory 4 course
a-lms	Open Source Learning Management System implemented in Java.  Implemented by Rubecula Software, LLC.  An integral part of Automatic e-Learning by TRA.  Conforms to SCORM 1.2.  Built on open-source platforms: ADL SCORM RTE, Hsqldb, Tomcat, Commons, etc.
a-m-s	AMS(Automated Manufacturing System) is a model of real world manufacture factory. It consists of  dedicated stations that perform tasks. All stations or components of the system are modeled by using CD++ based on the DEVS formalism.
a-monolit	Ez egy RPG Maker XP-vel készített kalandjáték.
a-muse	aMUSE is an GPL system in PHP that controlls Shoutcast servers and allows an existing community to have their members DJ on one or more shoutcast streams. It supports: scheduling, ratings, comments and more.
a-muse-3d	Project for 2D/3D graphics middleware hobbiyst to learn and contribute to a platform independent object oriented graphics middleware libraries, tools and applications.
a-muse-d	A-Muse-d is an acqua-based theme for Fluxbox.
a-not-bc	At first the project is a translation/adaptation of an existing website. The second aim is conding orther useful application like calendar, hall of fames, lecture notes...
a-one	The Acahatz A-One is a replica of the old Apple I. It is a mix of old and new style electronics. The 6502 and 6821 are the heart of the system. The rest is controlled with a GAL and two Atmel MPU&#039;s. New software required!
a-plus	A+ is a web-based educational testing program written in PHP/MySQL.  Students learn lessons and take multiple-choice tests.  Teachers can view students&#039; scores, and create and edit tests. Administrators can create classes and control enrollment.
a-r-a-p	Secure audit implementation
a-r-e-a	A.R.E.A  This software will be used by educational institutions in the proccess of registration, administration, class room assignments and enrollment.
a-renet	a-renet is a distributed chat and multiplayer games network for UNIX. Supported games are client-server, TCP based games.
a-s-k	Active Spam Killer (ASK) protects your email account against spam by confirming the sender&#039;s email address before actual delivery takes place. The confirmation happens by means of a &quot;confirmation message&quot; that is automatically sent to all 
a-s-t	Another System Tool is an open source application for System Administrators. It gathers hardware, software, and other environment information. The idea was to develop an application in spirit of ABC (Another Bittorrent Client). ***Hense the name
a1kbms	A1 - Knowledge Base Managment System
a247dialer	Currently an Asterisk based predictive dialer, 247dialer strives &quot;to create a world class solution to automate a call center deployment and operations in a simple, flexible and powerful manner&quot;.
a2bformat	Converts A-Format audio to B-Format ambisonic audio using the simplest method: a basic matrix multiply. A-Format is 4-channel audio direct from a minimal volume tetrahedral array of cardioid microphones. B-Format is the 4-channel ambisonic format.
a2billing	A2Billing is a Calling-Card &amp; billing Platform based on Asterisk PBX, it&#039;s a professional and powerful billing solution, post &amp; pre-paid oriented!  Real time call rating, billing, auditing, and reports.
a2bitblog	A 2 bit blog is a simple bulletin board, blogging web application that spawned from bit5blog. Its goal is to be straightfoward to setup, easily customized through html templates, and to provide enchanced security above and beyond its predecessor.
a2c	A2C is a project (in planning mode) for web developers, as to how they can transfer files directly from the source website (A) to destination website (C) without the files being downloaded to their location (B). The ideas is A=B and B=C then why not A2C.
a2d	a2d is a web-based system for meeting planning, agenda and minutes generation. It is flexible enough to cope with both the simplest stand-alone committee and environments involving numerous committees - calendar driven or ad-hoc.
a2dp-python	Partial realization of A2DP and AVRCP bluetooth profiles. Simple multi-client server sends pcm audio (alsa or gstreamer &quot;tee&quot; and &quot;file&quot; plugins) to bluetooth stereo headphones. AVRCP server emulates lircd. Works with xmms, audacious,
a2gameserver	This java (v1.5) program allows you to send games directly to an old apple // computer with no need for floppies, only a serial cable.  No hardware modification is necessary, you only need a working serial connection.
a2ixlibrary	Convert standard C Amiga link libraries into dynamic shared libraries.
a2j	An ASN to Java Stub Compiler.
a2kmp	A set of opensource MediaPortal plugins and addon libraries.
a2open	Demonstrative Open Source replacement for the German governmental A2LL system (for managing unemployment benefits). Since many are the opinion that the development was a huge waste of public money, this project shall prove that it can be done cheaper.
a2pix	This program will open and display images saved in HGR format. Also supports DHGR in two popular formats: BeagleGraphics and DazzleDraw. It will save as PICT and allow batch conversions.
a2png	Converts plain ASCII text into PNG bitmap images.
a2speedholder	ADSL 2 Plus Speedholder Tool. For holding a high sync and connection rate.
a2x	pure-java (non ODBC/JDBC) converter from M$ Access97 to XML. dumps access tables as a series of xml elements. Works by parsing directly from hex (OS/lib independent). Uses standard JDK1.4 classes. A2K support to be added at some stage. Anyone with info o
a2z	A?Z is a simple and efficient web-based contact management software that runs on PHP and MySQL. You can use it to replace your phonebook or even use it as an office-wide phone directory. It is all yours to decide!
a340gc	Airbus A340 glass cockpit. Build upon an open framework for creating an distributed glasscockpit.
a3b	a3b - ascii / ansi art browser for linux / mac / win32, written in qt4, features - printing - export to png - zoom - eleet autoscroll - configurable fore/background color - 80x50, 80x25, amiga fonts
a3dge	A3DGE will be an environment that allows to create a complete 3D game with no (or minimal) programming knowledge. Just define some 3D object, some maps, the game goal and, if necesary, some small scripts and here you have, your 3D game!
a3dspaceshooter	A 3D Space Shooter. Based on the game &quot;Star Fox&quot;.
a4codegen	A collection of code generators, they generate code from a random seed or from provided input.
a4e5	2D/3D Game Engine for use in game creation as well as easy RAD.
a4fighter	A4Fighter is a FPS made with paper planes
a4j	A4J is a Free Open Source Java API for Amazon.com\\&#039;s XML Web Service.  The API eliminates the need to work with XML at all, the API handles all web service requests to and from Amazon.com and returns an easy to use Java bean. It also supports Cachin
a4l	Access for linux databasetool
a4xmessage	An xmessage replacement for operator use on X based multisystem installations.
a52source	A52 (AC3) audio streams source plug-in for AVISynth 2.0x/2.5x.
a6d4	This Shit Rules Dude u better try it
a6driver	This is the Original source code, documentation, SDK, and drivers for the printer driver for Sipix A6 printer. A6 printer has been discontinued, Original Sipix drivers support Palm OS up to 4.x, and Pocket PC devices running Windows CE 2.0-3.1. As well a
a6fw	A framework for creating CRUD based applications utilizing MDA, and a very pluggable architechure.  eg: 2-tear / 3-tear.  Web based / Rich Swing Client.
a760	A760 includes the GPL&#039;d sources of Motorolas A760 Linux smartphone
a7xpg	Collect all the gold, while avoiding the enemies. Collect enough gold, and turn the tables on the enemies.
aa-project	AA means Ascii Art - the AAlib (ascii art GFX library), BB (audiovisual demonstration for your terminal), aview (image browser/animation player), AAvga (SVGAlib wrapper for AA-lib), ttyquake (text mode quake), aa3d (random dot stereogram generator)...
aa33code	aa33code aims to be an easy to install, use, and maintain content management system (CMS).  It has basic features, and can be administered and updated by multiple users.  It&#039;s written in PHP and uses a MySQL database to store the information in.
aaa	Advanced Audio Architecture is server based architecture to publish, manage and distribute digital music through streaming and download to multiple, different type of clients high end reproduction and the most flexible and versatile system thinkable.
aaaaaaaaaa	aaaaaaaaaa
aaaadmin	This open source solution will let you to administer any of popular opensource radius server-freeradius/gnuradius/openradius. It will give the freedom to chose data source among LDAP, SQL(MySQL/Posrtgresql), and files
aaapage	aaapage (pronounced ape-udge) is AAAP&#039;s Action Game Engine (GPL), aims to provide optimized sprite animation, paralax scrolling, and scriptable maps, to game developers. Along with the engine, a game and map editor are also included in the project.
aaasoai	AAAS benchmarks OAI data provider
aab	Automatic ezine creation tool
aabrowse	AABrowse is a server browser for America&#039;s Army written in QT. It supports both Gamespy and Andromeda master servers, buddy lists, favourites, and player search.
aabsdbc	The DBC framework uses reflection to inspect a type, it then generates source for a proxy object containing checks on predicates in attributes attached to members of the type. Proxy code is compiled into an in-mem assembly used to enforce DBC rules.
aabsnorm	An Object Relational Mapping (ORM) System Based on Scott Ambler&#039;s designs. Koan has a powerful and highly extensible code generation system and is designed for production use within an enterprise environment.
aac-xforms	The goal of the project is to implement most of XForms for Cocoon. The current &quot;XMLForms&quot; approach followed by the Coccon project seems too restrictive. This project should allow most XForms models to be used in the Cocoon environment unmodied.
aacheatscan	AA Cheat Scanner is an application that clan leaders can use inorder to scan there members PC for americas army hacks in windows.
aacls	The AACLS acronym stands for &quot;Advanced ACL Server&quot;. This is an OpenLDAP server backend, in other words, a LDAP content filtering gateway based on an ACL langage used to describe relations between entries. Patches is now released under OpenLDAP 
aacplayer	This project aims to provide Windows Direct Show based components and applications.
aacplugin	AAC player for XMMS.
aacraid-22	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
aadataminer	AA DataMiner is a Java library, based on the Weka API for knowledge analysis. It provides graphical tools for applying data mining techniques on XML data, enabling output in PMML format. It also introduces several new data mining techniques.
aadit	Object oriented language developed in C#, containing an IDE, language compiler, supporting windows programming as well as web based programming.
aadl2xml	AADL to XML Translator
aadml	Advanced and Discrete Mathematics Library for Python
aadms	Adaptive Application Data Management Services
aae	Alpha Architecture Emulator (AAE) is an emulator family to emulate DEC&#039;s/Compaq&#039;s/HP&#039;s Alpha (AXP) processor based computer architecture. AAE-Bronze, a member of this family is a portable emulator, written in C, running on Linux, Windows, 
aaf	A cross-platform SDK for AAF. AAF is a metadata management system and file format for use in professional multimedia creation and authoring. The AAF specification is administered by the AAF Association, which also coordinates development of the SDK.
aaf-edit-pack	Delphi Components for video and audio non-linear editing. The components wrap the Advanced Authoring Format sdk (see aaf project on SourceForge) and provide mpeg file and sequence players, timelines, player controls and timecode processing.
aagam	Aagam is beginning of open source benchmarking for different open source Java components available in the market. This include Logger, Configuration, Queue, StringUtils, FileUtil and ConfigUtil Framework.
aagaming	Project Tracking For Website Development
aai-portal	The AAIportal is an authentication portal for the SWITCHaai infrastructure, based on the Shibboleth middleware, and many e-learning platforms. Resource adapters for WebCT CE4 and CE6, WebCT Vista, VITELS, Gridlab, AdLearn, and some other are available.
aaid	aaid (short for Assignment Aid) is a template tool designed with school (esp. high school &amp; college) assignments in mind. It&#039;s design is closely wrapped in HTML, allowing you freedom in your templates, while also not requiring you to type numero
aaini	AA:INI is used to edit INI files in Americas Army with ease.
aaio	Many people moving from Windows programming to UNIX program have problems with the missing non-blocking getch() and getche() functions provided by  conio.h. This library provides the functionality of getch(), getche() and kbhit().
aajax	Agile AJAX platform will be a simple based on AJAX component and plugin structure.
aakala	The game of Cows-n-Bulls is back ! G-Moo aims to provide a command line as well as GTK+ front-end for the user to play the cows-n-bulls game. Multi-game sessions and relevant session stats are provided, which can be useful to test heuristic algorithms.
aakruthi	Aakruthi is a framework for information and workflow management in schools and colleges written in J2EE.
aal	Another App Launcher (aal), is an app launcher with one purpose, to launch applications, and look good doing it.
aalib-perl	Aalib-perl is a Perl binding for the AA-Lib, an ascii-art gfx library.
aalog	This is a Log Manager for America&#039;s Army Server (Linux/Windows).
aaloha	A configurable system for synchronising multiple passwords of different types. Password quality can be imposed by using histories, cracklib based tests, and forcing certain passwords to be distinct. CGI and PAM modules exist for tight integration.
aalyreth	A role-playing telnet server designed for hack and slash style play yet still hold features for a strict role-play enforced envoirment.  The server is highly configurable(eg: having just levels or levels and classes, ect).  It will hold a unique spell ca
aam6000ug	Asus AAM6000UG (ADSL USB Modem with Alcatel chipset) Linux driver
aambuilder	AAMBuilder is a graphical tool to ease the creation of 2D Active Appearance Models (AAMs), supporting surface triangulation and reference shape. Data files use XML for easy integration. GTK+ and OpenCV are required.
aambuilding	AAM (Active Appearance Model) is one of the hottest research topics in computer vision nowadays. AAM statistically builds a joint shape and texture appearance model, which has been widely applied in face tracking, lip reading, audio-visual HCI, etc.
aamfetch	aamFetch is a utility for fetching your anonymous esub nym messages from the alt.anonymous.messages newsgroup (or other newsgroups). It allows multiple encrypt-subjects to scan, multiple &quot;destination files&quot; to save messages to and random chaff 
aamirplayer	Aamir Media player plays 30 formats of audio/video files with very small size but with great functionality.
aamon	Aamon is a C++ library offering multithreaded synchronization and communication supporting typed mobile objects aimed to client-server application development.
aams	AAMS is a tool for creating simulations visually. It has a library of processing elements (PE), that you can drop on the sim designer.Connect pins between PE, in data path define the control path, and run the simulation. Supports distributed simulations
aamt3dgame	A 3D Game using the JMonkeyEngine. The game has been created for a 3rd year university assignment.
aaniharava	Software which can be used to create and show series of questions to an audience and collect answers.
aanipelit	Finnish  Audio Adventure development group - suomenkielisten äänipelien kehitysryhmä
aanval	OpenAanval - The Open Source version of the Commercial Aanval Console - A full featured advanced Intrusion Detection System (IDS) Console for Snort. Real-time LIVE event monitoring, comprehensive statistics, multi-user, email / audio alerting, IP marking
aaoo	This is the project for IBM ODF accessibility contest. It&#039;s a plug-in for OpenOffice, to make OpenOffice be able to Check whether the documents have been optimized for people who are experiencing vision loss and/or people who are experiencing hearin
aap	The Accelerating Apache Project was SGI&#039;s effort to increase the performance of the Apache HTTP server.  It has a new home now on SourceForge, courtesy of SGI.  Now it seeks a new owner and a fresh start.  Want to help make Apache MORE than 10x fast
aap-ugr	High-performance computing code and libraries used in the High Performance Computing subject in Telecommunications Engineering at the University of Granada (http://geneura.ugr.es/~jmerelo/asignaturas/AAP)
aapbem	Axis &amp; Allies (a Milton Bradley game) is a board game with a strong following. However, as many of our lives become busier and we have less leisure time, it becomes increasingly difficult to schedule time for a good Axis &amp; Allies Game.
aapbss	Automated PunkBuster screenshot public submission system for America&#039;s Army game admins.
aaphpbb	A modification of phpBB which enables users to easily implement a forum in their web site.
aapje	Aapje Messenger aims towards an open, feature filled MSN clone for GNU/Linux using the GTK+-2.0 library, it can already do multiple user chats, filetransfers, storing contact lists, status &amp; nick changing, add/del/block buddies, theming, and much mor
aapp	Pagina Personal de Aldrin Perez dedicada A la Programacion de sistemas Informaticos pagina web en general asi como aplicaciones en php,visual basic,html,c++,fox pro entre otros lenguajes
aappt	Professional Periodic Table is simply the professional solution for chemists that deal with the periodic table elements.
aaps	aaps is a Perl application which accepts a text file as input, and produces an output with the same English meaning, but as many textual changes as possible, while maintaining grammer and spelling.
aarchitect	Adventure Architect is some sort of a document management tool for the creation of adventure games. This tool will help you maintain all the necessary documents and images for your game.
aardbuilder	AardBuilder is a .NET tool made for help AARD OLC Builders to pre-construct their areas without going directly to a builder&#039;s port and write it directly.
aardvark	Aardvark is an Ajax engine that allows variables to be transferred between Client and Server applications without disrupting the GUI
aardvarkfm	This project aims to make a full featured file manager for the Gnome desktop environment. The Aardvark File Manager will be a quick, extensible and highly usable file manager which will integrate natively in Gnome and will have support some for KDE.
aardvarkjava	Build Manager tool. Java Graphical User interface for managing, executing and monitoring Apache Ant Build files and external programs. You can execute multiple ANT build files simultaneously or in a batch.
aardvarktool	Browser based continuous integration(schedulable build) tool for projects residing in cvs repositories, and build using the  apache ant.
aareport	An IRC bot which queries America&#039;s Army Operations game servers and displays a live report of the action in an IRC channel.
aarmed	Open-source advanced gameboy emulator for non-commercial roms.
aaron	Aaron is an application, service, and network availability monitoring and alert daemon.  Notification of unavailable services, networks, etc., levels is sent to the appropriate roles.  Aaron is highly customizable enterprise class monitoring software.
aart	aart converts PNM (PGM, PBM, PPM) images into colored ASCII. It supports user-defined color palletes, PSF fonts, and character sets. It generates a PPM image file or a text file.
aasecurity	Coded in PHP, uses MySQL as a backbone.  Great for programs which use serial numbers and is so easy to use.  It has only a few files, and is easy on the server.
aasgard	** Put on ice while I am looking into the promising Fallout engine FIFE (www.fifengine.de) ** Åsgard is a single player role-playing game inspired by the great emperor of roleplaying games: Fallout. It is 2D and is written using the C++ programming lang
aast	Serial terminal in assembly x86 language that works without operational systems, suport ANSI and can be used on a laptop or notebook to easily and quickly configure routers, switches and other devices that uses serial comm ports
aatcalendario	PHP/AJAX calendar to organize many things. The calendar is dinamic and use MySQL as database. Is multiuser and it can content different kind of users with different permissions.
aatrade	Alien Assault Traders is an online, web-based, turn-based strategy  space trading game forked off the source of both Black Nova Traders and Nova Game Systems software and inspired by the popular BBS game of TradeWars.
aatraders	This game is an AATraders Game and this game is about a player (you) go around space and buliding planets and/or taking planets over. This game requires thinking because sometimes you have your ship too low of a level and the planets are mostly bigger.
aav	A slightly different way of organising your images and videos.
aavalanche	A full-featured, cross-platform CAD environment.
aaventures	A series of amazing adventures on the magical world of Shalara.
aaviewer	aaViewer is simple ASF/AMC files viewer made by python.
aavso-vsr	The AAVSO Variable Star Registry -- an open-source web-based CMS for the controlled single-point management of public domain astronomical metadata on known and suspected variable stars.
aawa	Arrowproject.net&#039;s award system is based upon php and a mysql database. This system allows Internal Affairs to approve Awards/Medals and add them to pfile,afile.
aawebgui	AAWebGUI is a project to help Linux and Windows America&#039;s Army server hosts manage their servers. It allows you to change settings and start/stop the servers via a web interface.
aaxed	This project is on hiatus.
ab-conv	Address Book Converter (AB-Conv) will convert address book files between formats.  Currently, it supports importing Evolution&#039;s vCard format and export to Thunderbird&#039;s LDIF format and Sunbird&#039;s vCalendar file for birthdays and anniversari
ab2foaf	Converts your Address Book into a FOAF description.
ab2phpnuke	A simple block for amazon.com affilate members. You can use with any version of PHPNuke (www.phpnuke.org)
aba	ABPHEL is an application framework for PHP Applications featuring a library of classes which can be used seperatly. It is designed for applications with ease of use in every area. Applications are written by using an implementation of the MVC pattern.
aba-curling	A curling game, It is written in Delphi. Release: 4th April.
abackgammon	ABackgammon (Asynchronous Backgammon) is a set of a server and possibly different clients to provide playing backgammon draw-by-draw. Certain clients may also implement a sole backgammone engine for single playing.
abackupservice	The Apportioned Backup Service (ABS) is a distributed backup service allowing peers to store versioned, encrypted backups for one another with resilience to peer failures and absences.
abacom	We are going to develop an Agent, that will extend phpNuke (later other CMS) with AI.
abacus	Abacus is an educational suite on computing with Alan Turing Machine games, hello world howto documents, etc.
abacuscm	Abacus is a Contest Mangement system for ACM-like contests written in C++, using Qt (on the client-side).
abacuses	ABACUSES is A Bright Costless Universal Statistical End-user Software.
abacusvm	This is a computing architecture which includes a service-oriented language called Abacus, a virtual machine executes Abacus programs, a router program provides naming services and a web-based enviroment for managing and developing Abacus applications.
abaguibuilder	The AbaGUIBuilder is a visual GUI builder written in Java designed to look like the Delphi/VB designers. The Java GUI Builder was conceived to help the application developer  design and create UI Java applications in a rapid manner.
abakus	Academic Information System, developed on postgresql and kylix C++.
abamaxa	Abamaxa is a collection business management and accounting software designed for the growing business.
abaque	This project is aimed at providing a 3-tier-architectured full package that enables to interact from Java application with a database. It is strongly based on the Osage project and adds GUI capabilities.
abashe	Abashe is a WWW server implemented purely in Bash scripting language. It has built-in support for PHP and ABP - Active Bash Pages (PHP-like programming language for server-side applications).
abat	The Automated Basic Acceptance Test (ABAT) code is designed to install a build of software on a target machine, reboot the machine, and run through a series of basic system tests on that machine.
abatools	This project aims at the development of tools for automatic beamline alignment at synchrotron radiation facilities.
abatornet	Abator.NET is a C# version of original Abator. Abator.NET intend to be a code generator for iBATIS. It takes a formal database table (or many tables) and generate iBATIS artifacts that can be used to access the table(s).
abb	Arab-bb is an opensource Bulletin Board .. Written with PHP And  use MySQL As Default, It had greate Templates Engine .. Enjoy it ;)
abbey	This project provides a simple kernel for building distributed agent-based applications. It is based on the idea that the principles underlying dataflow programming are well-suited to design a coordination language for multi-agent environments.
abbot	Abbot is a simple framework for unit and functional testing of Java GUIs.  Facilitates generating user actions and examining component state.  Supports recording and playback  on any Java application.
abbott	AbBott is a simple irc bot that tries to be easy to extend (through the use of simple text &quot;scripting&quot; files), fast (written in C), and useful.
abc	ABC is a text-based music notation language.  This project aims to promote the ABC music notation language by providing cross-platform, open-source tools for manipulating, displaying and playing (via MIDI) ABC files.
abc-123	UGSB is a flatfile PHP coded shoutbox, and should work on all servers with PHP4 or higher. It has all the features of any other shoutbox.
abc-unix	&quot;ABC for Unix&quot; is a port of the famous BitTorrent client &quot;ABC&quot; to *nix operating systems.
abc2php	Webinterface for ABC (Yet Another Bittorrent Client) written in PHP with AJAX
abc2rtttl	An open-source applet for translating the popular abc music format into ring tone text transfer language (rtttl). Play your favourite tune on your mobile!
abcclassifieds	ABC Classified Ads is a light weight full-featured pluggable classified ads component for any website. It is implemented in Javascript and can be plugged into any html page.
abccreator	A texteditor allowing users to create songs according to the abc-standard and play them.
abcdiary	ABCDiary is a blog software. Strongly customizable it allows you to make your weblog better. Official website - http://www.abcdiary.org
abcdoppelganger	ABC Doppelganger is a program to allow remote access to an ABC bittorrent client using the web service.  It acts almost exactly like ABC allowing you to keep your resource hungry torrents on another computer while retaining the ease of use offered by ABC
abcdp	A CD Player for Linux console.
abcgrid	abcgrid stands for Application for Bioinformatics Computing Grid which is a\nclient/server package for small and mid-scale biology labs.
abchr	ABC/HR is an audio comparison tool that allows users to self-conduct double-blind listening tests of digital audio codecs.
abci	This project aims at creating a way to create a way to control computers and other devices remotely with just hand gestures. This is an attempt to develop alternatives to the keyboard-and-mouse interfaces.
abcl	The software is meant for Bandwidth management on LANs. It aims to provide a userfriendly, remote interface to bandwidth management. Also, included are a number of user selectable (host specific) automatic bandwidth control algorithms.
abcl-web	ABCL-web is a web-framework using Armed Bear Common Lisp as a Java Servlet
abclinux	ABC Linux distribution is here to help you configure your Linux box as a school server/workstation.
abcmr	This program allows to condense a sequence of whole rests in an ABC format music file. Is a PERL script. The output is directed to standard out and can be to a file using \\&quot;&gt;\\&quot;
abcmusiex	ABC Music Exercises generates sight reading exercise files: ABCs, printable PS/PDFs, audio WAV and MP3. Student must follow audio practice while read and playing parts on his own instrument. Output highly configurable. Runs on Linux and Windows. Great!
abcp	ABCp seeks to serve as a universal parser engine and API for ABC notation as detailed at http://www.abcmusicnotation.org/ for use by any ABC software developer on any platform.
abcpaint	ABCPaint is an educational tool to learn about letter, color and numbers.
abcplus	Classical music extensions for the ABC music notation language.
abcremotedotnet	A library to communicate with ABCTorrent web interface
abcrypt	A C++/Qt program for use in encrypting and decrypting simple substitution cyphers. These cyphers are often found in newspapers and various puzzle books.
abcsync	ABC-Sync synchronize Adresses-, Bookmark- and Calendar-Entry&#039;s over various Platforms and Applications
abcwebclient	minimal, fast and full functionally torrent web client-frontend to ABC [Yet Another Bittorrent Client] v2.69 - v3.1 includes minimal user management and ability to connect to multiple server from server list.
abd	ABCD is an address book server/client system. It is intended to be user friendly, cross platform, and awesome.
abdb	XML schema to specify relational database administration and operations.  Uses XML, XSLT stylesheets and Java code to allow applications to use advance features of databases and have complex queries without being tied to a specific relational database.
abdbcommerce	AbDBCommerce is an object oriented e-commerce sytem. It features an abstraction database layer that permits to use any DBMS, and it is free from layout choices.
abdcalendar	ABDCalendar is a javascript framework for those that want to display a calendar in their webpages. It supports a month view and a daily view. You can add events or show them on the schedule.
abdf1	Allen Bradley (AB) DF1 Protocol RS232 for Micrologix, SLC500, PLC5. Written in Visual Basic 2005
abducted-irc	A varity of IRC related services from: SMSServ Anope Modules/Modified Anope(AbAnope) to Unreal Modules/Modified Unreal(AbUnreal) to an IRC based RPG with addon packs, and web items: AbBash &amp; PeerWars irc.abducted.us #abducted - http://dev.abducted.us
abdymok	aviation equivalent of a looking for the black box after the plane crash
abe	A scrolling, platform-jumping, key-collecting, ancient pyramid exploring game, vaguely in the style of similar games for the Commodore+4. The game is intended to show young people (I&#039;m writing it for my son&#039;s birthday) all the cool games they m
abe-module	ABE is a small, fast and convenient program for visualizing and modeling experimental bioassay data. The data can be modeled using either polynomials or a more specific four-parameter model based upon the standard, sigmoidal dose-response curve.
abeam	An object-based database manager for marine survey data.
abegroup	AbeGroup is a software package that will perform basic functions on algebraic groups. The first goal is to input a group, given the generators, and AbeGroup will determine whether or not the group is abelian. Further functionality will be added.
abelard	World wide centralized career resource management network
aben	A new sight of developing. Thinking in human&#039;s concepts and orgnizations. Analysis behaves and effects before the actual building take place. Automatically using the proper algorithms and data model. Based on a large scale descriptive library.
abeni	Abeni is a GUI utility for creating &#039;ebuild&#039; files for the Gentoo Linux distribution.
aberquest	AberQuest is a tool for quest/zone writers of Aber MUDs. With it you can navigate around your quest/zone easily and see how it will look using only your own computer. AberQuest has a nice and intuitive GUI to make this even simpler.
abes	Public description: A new e-learning platform will used in UE project for small and medium size business. Will allow courses managment, and really advanced stats based on interview proposed to company responsible and candidate before and after courses.
abettor	A comprehensive customer support application with an integrated web interface and exceptional scalability/maintainability. Intended for student technical support and developed using open technologies designed from the ground up for exstensibility.
abfm	Anti-Bot Form Mailer is a PHP script that helps webmasters reducing spam received via their contact or support form.
abhmanager	Software for several management purposes. Using SQL Databases and being extandable via plugins.
abhyaas	This project is inspired by &quot;lletters&quot;. It aims at displaying images and words corrosponsing to alphabates but it integrates a &quot;Text-To-Speech&quot; (TTS) system to say out the words. The word list and corrosponding images will be loaded f
abi	Set of tools for working with Mondrian server including a Mondrian Schema creation Wizard, Mondrian Schema Admin, and a Web Portal
abi2006	A SDL based multiplatform jump and run game, after River City Ransom; starring teachers of Gymnasium Miesbach.
abia	This project aims to provide a tool for the Management of an Portfolio of Investments based in Distributed Artificial Inteligence. Agents encapsulate different investment analysis technics and collaborate among themselves to provide a better analisys
abidump	Utility to dump undecorated C++ symbols from C/C++ libraries in a sorted fashion. Useful for testing new library versions for backwards ABI compatibility, among other things. Requires a valid install of VS.Net 2003 or VS 2005, and the .NET 2.0 framework.
abifportal	A Java based grouping of components used to implement the Australian Biological Information Facility (ABIF) distributed architecture. The components talk to one another via SOAP web services and HTTP URLs.
abigail	Abigail is a Content Management System built on the J2EE framework.  It utilises several other open source projects eg Hibernate, Struts and Log4J.  The aim is to provide a CMS that is easy to use and maintain.
abilities	The objective of ABILITIES is to design and develop a federated architecture implemented by a set of intelligent and adaptive UBL active messages and basic interoperability services, which will support SMEs EAI in e-commerce contexts.
abill	abill is a simple billing system for small ISPs. It consolidates RADIUS authorization and accounting modules, mail traffic, tariffs, Web user statistics, and administration management tools.
abills	Billing system with different abilities. Dialup/VPN/VoIP, NetFlow, Squid Monitoring, GNU gatekeeper Monitoring, CMTS BSR1000 monitoring.
abinfo	This is an addon created to aid players in Arathi Basin indicating at what time they will win the game at the current rate.
abios-rtool	The Affordable BIOS Restoration Tool provides VHDL and C code to recover from failed BIOS upgrades using affordable CPLD&#039;s. EEPROM&#039;s and Flash chips can be restored with this flash programmer. Interfaces for DIP and tsop packages are being deve
abir	It is a Small but Effective template engine in PHP. I have started it few days ago. And I&#039;v long plane with this one. If any of you interested to continue with me let me know. Your comments always help me to improve it.
abirom	Installer/Launcher for a Muldimedia-CDROM. This project has ceased.
abiss	ABISS (Active Block I/O Scheduling System) provides real-time and prioritized best-effort services for disk IO
abisum	ELF abisum is a tool to generate an ABI checksum of ELF binaries from their DWARF debug information.  It can be used to speed up builds by avoiding unnecessary re-linking of binaries.
abits-fipa-mesg	This project creates an open-source MTS (Message Transport Service) based based on FIPA (www.fipa.org) document SC00084. The goal is to develop a set of Java classes that allow existing Multi-Agent System developers to use FIPA infrastructure components.
abitsfipatools	At present one Agent transport mechanism (SC00084) is in place and publicly available. Other standards are to be implemented, namely SC00075 and XC00076. Two direct deliverables of this project are to implement the RMI ATM and WAP ATM.
abiword	The AbiWord word processor is a full-featured cross-platform word processor.
abiwordftd	AbiWord for Thumb Drives is no longer under active development. AbiWord Portable provides an up-to-date version of AbiWord for Thumb Drives - http://portableapps.com/apps/office/abiword_portable
abk	ABK is a Perl command-line based program to find somebody&#039;s adress easily.
abkey	The ABKey plugin for Apple&#039;s Address Book allows you to quickly view GPG key information for contacts as well as specify per-contact preferences for how GPGMail (the Apple Mail plugin for GPG) handles encrypting and signing of emails.
ablazespace	On the AblazeSpace-Homepage (www.ablazespace.de) I publish all my OpenGL freeware &amp; open-source games I wrote in VisualC++.
ablegray	So far, a collection of usefull PHP scripts, origanally written for ablegray.com
abm	Orienteering Event Software
abmmanager-net	Abm manager
abnet	AbNet is a library for network play of the game Abalone. It supports Unix and Windows.
abnf2c	Constructs a C automata (lexical and sintax analiser ) from a ABNF grammer. Hope in future to add backends to other languages.
abnimm	Nimm is a Wikiplugin for Gnuheter-compatible blogs but can also run stand-alone. Main strengths is its integration with Gnuheters design and codebase and the ability to regulate anonymous user editing.
aboard	aBoard is a forum software targeted at anonymity based communities, the software is built from the ground up as modular and OOP friendly for a wide variety of uses.
abook	GNU General Public License (GPL)
abooo	a plug-in for OpenOffice, to make OpenOffice be able to Check weather the documents have been optimized for people who are experiencing vision loss and/or people who are experiencing hearing loss.
aboot	aboot is the Linux bootloader for Alpha systems using the SRM console. This package also includes the utilities isomarkboot, swriteboot and sdisklabel.
abora	Abora is a hypertext system supporting fine-grained links, transclusions and user link filtering. It is inspired by Ted Nelsons Xanadu and Udanax-Gold by XOC.
abort	A Real Time Strategy Engine intended mainly for online play, but will also support single player mode. The engine is based on the Allegro game library. It will be used to make a specific game in the future, but will be very extensible nonetheless.
about-server	About Server AS is a suit for webhosters / server administrators. It allows to manage servers and also customers, datacenters and much more.
aboutyou	About You, a free, open-source PHP coded project, an easy way to setup your site to let others know who you are.
abp	This GUI application simplifies the calculation of amortization of bond premiums in simple java.  This gives a user a feel of simplicity and accurate data for investments in bonds.
abplc5	This is a library and example programs for accessing an Allen Bradley PLC5 from Linux over Ethernet.  This library supports the PLC5 family, the Pyramid Integrator, and the SLC 5/05 to various degrees.  Example programs included to show how to use the li
abpm	Fail safe package manager
abprolog	ABProlog is a distributed Prolog processor. It is actually a CORBA-based API. Written in C++, but may be used from any language which has a CORBA mapping. Highly portable: it is tested under Linux/x86, Solaris (x86 &amp; SPARC), Win32/x86, but should com
abps	ABPS - Advanced Branch Prediction Simulator - allows:\n- branch prediction simulation using multiple predictors (GAg,PAg,PAp,GShare,Perceptron);\n- detection of unbiased branches; \nResults can be seen using charts.\nStanford and SPEC2000 benchmarks are used
abqs	ABQS Batch Queue System - Runs UNIX jobs in the background. Time consuming Jobs like Database-Queries can be started through simple cusom Web-Interfaces without the need to wait for their completion and thus risking a Browser-Timeout. Come back later to
abra	Abra is a light-weight Java persistance library for storing and retrieving Java objects in relational databases.
abraham	A genealogy tool for describing and generating HTML pages of complex and vast pedigrees. We use Java, MySQL, MySQL Connector, Java Cup and hopefully Microsoft Installer Utility (MSI). The major obstacle is generating user friendly HTML pages and MSI.
abrain	@BRAIN (Associative Binary Random Access Information Network) it is an artificial intelligence engine for storing and accessing information, combining the following technologies: neural networks, fuzzy logic, neuroscience, software object-oriented design
abrams	Top down network game. Not currently being actively developed as I have other projects to work on at the moment. There will, however, be a time when I resume development.
abreeze	The goal of this project is to create a system for automated system installation and recovery for multiple server types including snort server, snort sensor, asterisk server, and TUTOS.  All of these solutions will be designed to run on Fedora Core 4.
abrg-brahms	BRAHMS (the BRain And Head Modelling System, yes we know) is a simulation framework, knitting together processes written independently into a single &quot;monolithic&quot; system, and supervising the simulation of that system.
abrick	Abandoned Bricks is cross-platform tetris-like game written in C++ using SDL library
abrowse	abrowse is a graphical utility to browse AKAI S3000/S1000 format sample CD&#039;s and media and convert them into wave files.
abrviewer	An utility for previewing and exporting as images one or multiple set of brushes generated with Adobe Photoshop (.abr files). It makes publishing your custom brush sets on the internet really easy.
abs	It&#039;s an ant tasks generator in order to manager all development process tasks ... (all tasks are generated (on the fly) by Maven&#039;s Project Object Model representation equivalent), written in JAVA. (seems http://sharengo.org/Wiki?ABS)
abs-ro	Translation in Romanian of  Advanced Bash-Scripting Guide (ABS)
absboat	Software designed to run a fully autonomous miniature boat, running on an ARM based single board computer, GPS for navigation, servo engines for general steering, GSM for communication and a webcam for pictures.
abscnc	An RTS engine intended for user-produced rules, AI, and media modules (mods). Thus, sound and flexible design are priorities.
absear	absear was programmed for approving the sense to hear teh differences between two tones played, so you can hear, if it was a quint, a quart and so on. It also includes a piano to be played on your keyboard. For Windows.
absearch	Abbreviation search/query tool written in java.
abseep	A text editor which saves data encrypted with strong cryptography (AES, Blowfish..)
absencecalc	It&#039;s intended to be used by high school students to keep their absence in school lessons under an acceptable limit (some of us have realy a great problem with that). It computes some statistics. I hope it will be useful :-)
absencesmanager	This is a Web-based application for the management of absences of students of an High-School.
absim	ABSim is an Agent-Object-Relationship (AOR) simulation system based on a Java program library. Both the behavior of agents and laws of causality are specified by means of rules, which can be visually modeled or expressed in an XML format.
absinth	Absinth is a C++ Object-Oriented Multiprocess Multithreaded Proxy Server. Able to serve a great number of clients as a little LAN
absinth-chat	html-streaming chat-daemon writen in c++, user and sessionmanagement based on mysql
absinthe	Absinthe is an automated SQL injection utility capable of both blind and verbose SQL injections.
absk	ABS - Adaptable Busines Solution is a PHP / MySQL based highly customizable CRM-ERP to control Customer, Provider, Stock, Warehouse, Billing Information (and more) . Targeted for Small and Middle Size Companies. Easily Adapts to Customers Business Logic.
absolut-xtranet	Absolut Marketing LTD
absolute	absolute is a CMS (&quot;Content Managment System&quot;) Written in PHP and using MySQL or PostgreSQL database.
absolutefreedom	Space simulation Engine written in Delphi 7 using Gl-Scene libraries. Future features: Absolute Flight Freedom, Goods marketing, Many AI Controlled ships, endless space, Galaxy Generator and much more!
absolutemeeting	AbsoluteMeeting.com php+Postgresql scripts.There scripts powers AbsoluteMeeting.com people match and dating engine.People register, with their photos then search for friends/partners. PayPal interface included. Absolutemeeting is modeled on HotorNot.com.
absolutengine	Absolut Engine is an advanced news publishing system built-in PHP/MySQL. It features options to add/edit/delete articles, has WYSIWYG editor built-in and produces valid XHTML Strict code, clean URLs, has Search Engine Optimization module.
absolutewar	Space: Absolute war is a game based on the ideas presented in the Total War series of games.  Space takes the concept of the map in Total War and moves it into space, and gives the player much more control over the running of their empire.
absolver	A constraint solver framework.
absolvia	Absolvia is an alumni portal implemeted with PHP which helps to keep in touch with old school friends.
abspra	This is our first game. It will be a cart racer written in Delphi/OpenGL.
abstractadonet	This project will allow a developer to work with any database without regard to the underlying database by making the ADO.NET database interfaces more usable.
abstractdb	This database class provides easy and simple interface to access the most important db function in PHP. It provides implementations for MYSQL, POSTGRESQL, SQLTE, ODBC and has wrapper classes ADODB, METABASE, PEAR and PHPLIB.
abstractdb-php	Project discontinued
abstraction	On-line, multi-user RPG. Generally looks like MUD with pretty web-based UI. 5 races, 20 classes. Now in development. We looking for world-builders! And... sorry, our game is only in Russian (now).
abstractoffice	A small office suite.
abstractplugin	AbstractPlugin is a eclipse plugin wich is designed to auxiliary write others plugins.
abstrivia	A complex trivia bot for IRC
abstromatic	A developing environment for abstract board games. The user declares game rules in the IDE using a high-level visual language; Abstromatic plays it locally or via Internet, computes databases, openings, heuristics, variants, strategies and much more!
absylnia	Absylnia is a MUD Server Framework programmed entirely in Java. It is planned to support large amounts of extensiblity, as well as customization through user-editable settings.
absync	A program that can convert to/from PalmPilot, pine and NeoMail address books.  Plans are in place to create a new &#039;neutral&#039; address book format to help eliminate data loss caused by multiple conversions of the same address book.
absynch	Never lose your email addresses again!  VB App/Components that synchronize your local WAB or LDIF address with a remote address book stored on an FTP site of your choosing.  Provides a simple gui interface for entering ftp settings.  -Address Book Synchr
absynth	A modular script-based tool for digital audio synthesis and sequencing.
absynth-ftp	Client FTP multipiattaforma scritto in Python-GTK -- Multiplatform FTP Client written in Python-GTK
abtlinux	ABout Time Linux is a project that plans to provide a source-based Linux distribution based on a tool set that has been documented from the beginning of the design cycle.
abtpportal	Abtp Portal es un dise?o de portal bajo PHP y MySQL que implementa, entre otras, estrictas politicas de seguridad para el control de acceso a las paginas, bloques y elementos de los mismos segun los niveles de los usuarios. Facil de Utilizar y parametriz
abtrack	AbTrack is an addon for phpBB forums. This is a private BitTorrent tracker fully integrated with the forum system. Currently only fully functional with MySQL. (not including 5.0+)
abu	Forms development tool for PostgreSQL in Python on GTK.
abulafia	Abulafia is a topic map driven CMF
aburatan	Abura Tan is a roguelike adventure game set in an alternate fantasy world of cowboy knights and lurking horror.
abuse2	Abuse 2, sequel to the 1995 masterpiece from Crack dot Com
abuseemail	Perl script that finds out, using its internal clients like whois and DNS, which authorities are responsible for a particular IP address.
abusenetstreamr	Abusenetstreamer lets you stream a video file from usenet including (and automating) all the tasks like uudecoding and decompression. Specify a nzb file and start watching after a small buffering periode.
abvclient	abvclient is a java utility to login and fetch email from Bulgarian webmail service www.abv.bg
abw	First person MMORPG in middle age style. Extreme large landscapes are possible. Windows Client using OpenGL and OpenAL. Linux Server, TCP/IP, scriptinglang.: Lua. German speaking help would be very welcome, but we try to keep everything in english
abxlib	Our goal is to create a library extension that has the ability to seamlessly intergrates with the C++ standard template library, but does not subtitute it. This will include standard and proprietary libraries.
abydos	Abydos provides Python-based pf/ipfw firewall management, emphasizing captive portal and wireless features. It is designed for embedded platforms such as Soekris boxes using FreeBSD 6 or greater, to create wireless access points or low-cost firewalls.
abyle	abyle former pyfwscript - a simple iptables script in python
abyss13	The Abyss, Project Net-In-Net. 4 levels of acsess. Users can associate by public conferentions or personal messages.
abyssstudio	Abyss Studio Game Engine - Open Source, commercial level game engine and multimedia components. Extensible, Modular, Abstract, Scripting and Portable Framework for all levels.
ac-archive	The Autoconf Macro Archive provides documented and tested macros that are useful to many software writers using the autoconf tool, but too specific to be included into autoconf itself.
ac3	This project intends to provide software for the generation of AC3 (Dolby Digital) soundtracks. These soundtracks can be incorporated into videos, animations or as standalone dolby digital CD&#039;s.
ac3d	AC3D Engine is a Library for easily using of OpenGL features
ac3encode	Direct Show Realtime AC3 Encoder using ffmpeg
ac3filter	It is DirectShow AC3 Decoder filter used to palyback AVI files with AC3 sound tracks and DVDs. Multichannel and S/PDIF support. Focused at flexible controls during playback: gains, mixer, stream information, levels and other.
ac4ngos	Financial Accounting Database-Application with Employee Modul mainly for NGO use
ac97-modem	The goal of the AC &#039;97 Modem Driver project is to develop an open source Linux device driver to support the modem functionality of the AC &#039;97 Codec
acacia	Provides a Java implementation of various Attribute Certificate (AC) functionalities. In particular, it provides various client interfaces to the Virtual Organisation Management System (VOMS) system, as well as an AC server that can act as a VOMS Server.
acaclick	This project aims to build an open source &quot;clicker&quot; implementation. Clickers are used in many University lectures to allow students to send responses directly to a professor&#039;s computer.
acad	Automated Computer Auditing Daemon - Keep a track of what&#039;s going on with your systems: suid, sgid, world writable, hidden and unowned files monitoring as well as important file&#039;s md5sums management audits sent to your mailbox on a regular basi
acad-genealogy	The Academic Genealogy software package provides the necessary basic database and website infrastructure to create and publish a database of academic ancestries in which an individual&#039;s doctoral advisor/supervisor is his/her &quot;parent&quot;.
acadehelp	Acadehelp is a program which is written for students and teachers which asks questions from a heirarchy of libraries. Upon finishing, the user is returned the number of correct answers.  Much more powerful than it appears.
academia-atores	Actor&#039;s Academy is an infrastructure based on concurrent communicating components. It can be used for simulation of system&#039;s, and code generation of software, especially for embedded systems.
academic-board	Academic-Board ist ein interaktiver Aushang für Universitäten!
academic-games	Online academic games: Students can play academic games at multiple skill levels and socialize with people multiple cultures. Online games make math, language arts, and social studies fun. We want to make them available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
academicedge	AcademicEdge, a Java J2EE based software system for colleges and universities, and is offered under GPL. The system comprises: Recruitment, Admission, Registrar, Student Transcript, Financial Aid, Bursar and Alumni functions.
academictalk	A Jabber client for synchronous group discussion, argumentation and conferencing with an interface supporting higher-order thinking. A flexible and configurable tool that can be adapted to particular contexts and problems in education.
academy	Academy is a project to build a multi-purpose editing environment. Its focus is on strong usability and user control, and on providing a good workflow and rapid editing for all user levels, from beginner to advanced and beyond.
acadex	An online portal for public dissemination of academic resources such as lecture notes, course videos, and other educational data.  Geared towards public self-learning.  Based off of OKI and OCW, and is OKI-compliant.
acadmap2pgsql	The program is an intersection of Autodesk Map? to the PostgreSQL/PostGIS database management system. The function of the program is to convert all geometrical information and the combined object data into SQL-commands and to issue a pgsql-dump.
acadnuke	Academic Nuke is a Content Management System that with specialized modules for academic purposes such as library automation system, registration system and virtual classess.
acalproj	A web based event calendar that does not require a database server. It is made to be easy to install and to be able to run on just about any typical ISP&#039;s server with PHP installed.
acami	ACaMI is a module-based framework written in PHP to administrate your Asterisk PBX through a web browser. Currently under development, but planning to release soon with complete rewritten dialplan (optimized for European users with focus on ISDN).
acapd	GNU acapd is a ACAP (Application Configuration Access Protocol) daemon.
acarsdec	A VHF ACARS demodulator via soundcard
acarsxx	Aircraft computers use the Acars protocol to tell ground operations about their ID, flight number, position and other free text as entered by pilots. Using an airband scanner hooked up to the line-in, this software decodes and displays the information.
acasha	A Module-based application development framework, written in PHP, and capable of using various database systems
acassist	AC Assist is a plug-in(addin) for some IDEs,such as VS.net,Eclipse,etc. with special feacures about source management,ac counter,etc.The aim of this project is to make a new and useful programming training platform for OI and ACM competitors.
acat	ACAT is a Web-based address and contact management system including a full user accountment written in PHP4. ...we also want to provide a collection of perl/java clients to guarantee fast access to the information stored in the database.
acbic	ACBIC - Annoying .Cue / .Bin to .Iso Converter - Converts CD Images from .cue / .bin format to standard .iso format.
acbr	It allows PC&#039;s to have direct access to the equipments of the Brazilian trademark business writing directly to serial port or other different port that can be used. It might allow Linux programmer, using Kylix Language, a direct access in such equip
acbuild	Aqbuild is intended to be a smaller, more Linux-centric adaptation of the make concepts behind the *BSD ports system/s. (custom targets, etc)  It is written for p/bmake and also utilises shell scripts.
acc-attack	Accounts package - invoice management and payrole.
accada	The objective of this project is to create an implementation of the EPC Network specification of EPCglobal: Reader Proctocol, Reader Management, Application Level Events and EPC Information Service.
accada-ale	The objective of this project is to create an implementation of the EPCglobal Application Level Events (ALE), for use by application developers, that will provide a uniform interface to today&#039;s major RFID reader platforms.
accada-epcis	The objective of the project is to create an implementation of the EPCIS Query and Capture interfaces which allows users to turn their MySQL database into an EPCIS Repository.
accada-reader	The objective of this project is to create an implementation of the EPCglobal reader protocol, for use by application developers, that will provide a uniform interface to today&#039;s major RFID reader platforms.
accadict	english - czech dictionary (anglicko - cesky slovnik)\nSimple application using &quot;GNU/FDL Anglicko-cesky slovnik&quot; database.\nWritten in C with GTK+, wildcards and regexp searching, can use any speech\nsynthesizer for english articulation.
accat	ACCAT is a multipurpose tool(suite) for the DS game &quot;Animal Crossing: Wild World&quot;. It was developed to keep track of the catalog in the game, but provides a lot more information about specific items.
accc	Argosz\\&#039;s Credit Card Checker is a small java helper class for server-side (and/or other) application for rapid credit card checking. Supports a lot of cards, and written in java(tm).
accedit	An editor for easily tuning a Cavagnolo Odyssee Pro-Orchestra accordion.
acceditor	ACC Editor is a database editor for the popular game Australian Cricket Captain. I&#039;ve released it as open source so that anyone who feels like modifying can go right ahead and do so.
accel-fb	OpenGL for Framebuffer Consoles under linux
accel-pptp	High perfomance PPTP client and server
accela	ACCELA is a library of wrapper classes for the Mac OS toolbox. It features a complete set of Carbon Events classes, which can also be used with PowerPlant. Other classes cover Navigation Services, Core Foundation, QuickTime, QuickDraw, AppleEvents, etc.
acceldirection	logging accelerometer data on a pda
acceleratedwinx	This project is to create a fork of the wine windows emulator. The project is meant to create a working version of the system. It uses the same licensing as the  wine project but has a focus of getting something working for people to use.
acceleration	Acceleration is a simple yet flexible project site generation utility based on XSLT and velocity. The idea is to create a more-flexible replacement for the site generation tools in Maven, while also providing the same functionality in stand-alone and IDE
accelerator-ml	The Accelerator Markup Language (AML) / Universal Accelerator Parser (UAP) project will develop an XML based format for describing high energy particle accelerators along with associated software to convert lattice files to a standard internal structure.
accelerator3d	3D fast-paced dodge/shoot-&#039;em-up, created using friendly, portable technologies such as Python and OpenGL. Originally conceived and developed in one week for first ever PyWeek challenge.
accell4d	4D acceleration structures for ray tracing
acceptance	Acceptance is glue code for creating an end-to-end FitNesse/Selenium testing environment. It includes recording scripts for Selenium IDE, Java code to start and control selenium based on FitNesse tables.
accesctr	Access Controller, ISP Post-Paid &amp; Pre-Paid Billing Solution. Web based registration, recharge and report; report for administrator &amp; billing staffs and lots of more features. No additional server or resource like back end odbc or mySQL is requir
access-svn	Develop Microsoft(R) Access applications while using Subversion for version control.
access2psql	A project to convert Access databases to PostgreSQL databases. Can produce (reasonably) standard SQL, or, alternatively, pipe the output to a PostgreSQL server.
access2sql	Convert Access (97/2000) tables (structure and data) to SQL language, in order it can be use by other SQL db engines. It now suport Borland&#039;s Interbase and MySQL.
access3d	An Interactive 3D project developed in DirectX/C++ where by a user navigates through a 3D world. If you see a printer for example, it will check to see if a printer is present on the system, if so, SNMP will be used to generate queries and useful info
access97thief	This is Microsoft Access 97 Database Password Recovery tool. made up in Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0. so user can recover their forgotten Access 97 Database password.
accessbuild	A developer utility to rip an Access mdb into mods, forms, reports, table/query defs to allow better colabrative development, and then to re-assemble it into an MDB for deployment.
accesschecker	AccessChecker is an open source java application which will check web sites for accessibility problems.  Batch checking is supported and reports can be saved or printed for each file.
accesscms	AccessCMS is a CMS (content management system) designed to be accessible and very simple in appearence. It is comprised of incredibly simple PHP and is more of a template than an actual CMS. It will support any platform as long as a recent version of PHP
accessgrid	The Access Grid (AG) is the ensemble of resources that can be used to support human interaction across the grid. It consists of multimedia display, presentation and interactions environments, and high-quality audio.
accesslos	Server software to pull data from loan origination software i.e Calyx Point.
accessmodifier	The AccessModifer Plug-in for Eclipse allows the user to change the visibility (public, protected, default, private) and other modifiers (final, static, synchronized) of Java classes, interfaces, methods and fields in several of the workbench&#039;s view
accessmusic	The AccessMusic project provides a plugin for use in Codamusic?s Finale software(http://www.finalemusic.com/) which can be used to create music notation which is accessible to the visually impaired. The plugins create Talking Music and Braille Music
accessreferer	This is an module for the Apache HTTP Server that provides access control based on &quot;Referer&quot; HTTP header content.
accessroad	Access Road will help to model and to learn about the access rights in information systems, with powerful diagrams (see the web site). First access control models are for operating systems (Linux,...) and networks. With UML docs, JavaDoc, user manual.
accessrunner	Linux driver and supporting utilities for USB ADSL modems based on Conexant AccessRunner chipset.
accessserver	Manages a pool of modems. Boots off a single disk. Allows protocols other than ppp.
accesstools	This software will help webmasters easily create sites that are accessible to everyone on the internet. Future plans are to include php, mysql, and web server software along with the core php files.
accessviewer	This program allows the user to view the tables and data of a JET database, without using Microsoft Access.\n\nI designed it because I often have to view the data in JET databases, and installing microsoft access is not an option.
accessweb	I believe that there is far too much censorship in today&#039;s society. As such, I have written a CGI Proxy designed to make bypassing internet filters easy. I do have ideas for other programs and you can see the project home page for more info on them.
accgenx	AccGenX is a full-featured Accounting project for  Linux. Using PostgreSQL as its base, it is fully customisable to add and subtract specialty modules such as Trust Accounting (for lawyers) and Patient Management (for doctors).
accha	Accha is a cross-platform (Java/Swing) application to help students learn the Hindi (Devanagari) script.
accidentdb	This is a database system to replace our accident book system at work, it is a multi-user environemnt with various reporting facilities and form generation. It runs on PHP and MySQL, and is therefore platform independant.
accip	Billing system for PPTP and PPPOE servers.
accmanger	This is account manager toolbar for IE which manages your accounts and provides auto-login facility to saved accounts.I&#039;m done with it but couldn&#039;t get time to upload it. Anyone interested,please send me an Email prafulla.tekawade@gmail.com
acco	The program should contain all important functions for accounting.
accolorhelper	AccolorHelper is a simple utility which makes it very easy to choose color combinations which can be also be read easily by people having color vision deficincies.
accompanistbill	The AccompanistBiller is billing software for keyboard accompanists. The software supports multiple clients, different rates per hour for each appointment, and billing through email and/or paper. May also be used as a general purpose biller.
accomplice	An Open Source GM Tool for Ultima Online Emu&#039;s
accordeur	Instrument tuner. It can help you to tune a piano, a guitar ... Accordeur displays spectrum and calculates the pitch really played. A visual bar allows an easy tuning. Instruments and temperaments are customizable.
accordian	Implementation of card game &quot;Accordian&quot;. Solitary game. Takes some thought if you want to win. Fully keyboard functional, keeps track of statistics, includes rules and strategy help. Portable Source (Qt).
accouma	Playing an online game and sharing an Account with a friend? Tired of kicking each other? Here comes the solution! Accouma stores (encrypted) information about who is currently using which Account on &quot;its own&quot; server. Ment to be used as a Launc
account-manager	Secure web-based application for account management: account request, request validation, account creation, pseudo-random password generation, account edition, etc.
account4xoops	this project is a cash accout and cash transaction (for item/service exchange )management module for XOOPS, include account/transaction for orher application development,and also include a database transaction class.
accountadillo	Accountadillo is an automated provisioning system for user accounts.  With minor configurations, Accountadillo will support LDAP (openLDAP, Open Directory, and Active Directory), Unix flat files, and various telephony and web-based services.
accountancy	It is a program to keep your books. It follows the standards of belgium.
accountant	A Basic library to simplify buisness application creation, along with administration programs for basic accounting, and management.  The underlying tables, are stored by an SQL server, or a local isam base.  In early stages of development.
accounter	Windows Service to restrict desired users from logging on more than specified amount of time per day/week/month. Users will be blocked after they have consumed their time limit (contiguous or otherwise). Account will be reactivated on next day/week/m
accountex	AccounteX is an IP accounting system based on the IP Stat program. It has many exciting features like fully customizable web traffic accounting and user access control by many different values. information service and web statistics and administration.
accountguard	Account Guard helps you monitoring your expenses. Spend a few minutes every other day with an easy to use GUI and it will tell you where you can improve on your financial situation. Core is a simple but complete library for single-user data-applications.
accounting4me	Simple personal accounting for Java-enabled mobile phones. Allows recording expenses and displaying categorized totals in the specified date range.
accountis	Accountis allows e-invoices and e-orders to be digitally signed and exchanged across a trading network. Using ebXML, UBL, CAM and XSLT, it translates between XML, CSV and EDI formats, with web based workflow, client API and PDF to XML printer driver.
accountmgm	Simple web application using Spring 2.0 and Hibernate 3.0
accounts4j	Accounts4j is a set of value added Accounting components implemented in Java.  It&#039;s intended to provide reusable abstractions for accounting-related things, like PostingRule, Transaction, AccountEntry, etc.  Martin Fowler&#039;s excellent analysis p
accountsmanager	Accounts Manager is software for personal finance where you can keep track of all your expenses and incomes fast and easily.
accountssummary	Tired of manually checking email, bank, credit card accounts? Here is an application that eases your pain. It retrieves summaries from https accounts and you can view all accounts LOGGED-IN at the click of a button. Also available as a Google Gadget.
accousti-x	Accousti-X is a DirectX based media player for Win 32 systems . It also inculdes Bass Sound System integration and DirectX filter manager .
accpal	Accountability Pal monitors your network and keeps track of who is using the Internet and what they are viewing, downloading, uploading, etc.  It emails a report of each user&#039;s activity to the person/people you specify.  Great for parents and busine
accrete	Accrete is a physical simulation of solar system planet formation.  This simulation works by modelling a dust cloud around a Sun-like star, injecting a series of masses which collect dust, and form planets by accretion.
accs	RETE-DB is a customizable, multi-user web database frontend; suitable for *Address databases, *Bug management, *Todo lists, *File Server. RETE-DB is built for the internet; designed for speed, scalability and security. (group concept for access rights)
accsoft	Accountig software for internet provider. This software analyze data monitoring by internet provider. Designed modular structure enabless support for interoperating with network devices, technologies, with another reporting tools and enables network devi
accteditor	Small application to manage Compiere/Adempiere Chart of Accounts file format. Creates and modifies Accounting import files needed for client setup.
acctmgr	The Account Services Manager allows web hosting companies to easily automate the time consuming tasks of managing mail, FTP accounts, and much more by giving the power to individual clients VIA a web based interface.
accttrsh	AcctTrSh is a set of perl scripts which implements the easiest way to manage small networks (up to 200-250 users). AcctTrSh allows you to control internet access and collects statistics of traffic usage (a kind of billing system).
accua	Accua is a Free Accounting package for Linux/Unix. It will be coded using latest QT 4.2 and is released under GNU GPL.
accugo	Research project to develop an accurate game scorer for Go games (using Japanese scoring).
accurev-ant	This software provides Ant tasks for AccuRev, which is an SCM tool. It is written in Java, but requires that the AccuRev client be installed. This software is in no way affiliated with Accurev, Inc.
accurev-idea	The VCS plugin for the IntelliJ IDEA IDE that enables integration with AccuRev SCM software. It integrates tightly with the IDE and enables access to all common AccuRev features.
accushot	Score and shot data management program in eVB (for Pocket PCs )Will be extended/rewritten in java to support palms/smartphones/mobiles and desktop PCs. Provide shot and score storage. Major obstacle multiple platforms supported. exports to CSV and XML.
accutrak	AccuTrak is a memory debug tool that detects various memory errors. To overcome the slowdown associated with similar tools, AccuTrak is configurable to track a subset of module(s) in a process. This makes it a viable choice to debug big programs.
accutron2000	A2K is a small, simple, and unobtrusive IRC bot written in Python, with automatic op and URL catcher.
accwhizz	A multilingual business accounting application.
acd	ACD collects hardware and software configuration information about hosts on your network.  ACD is based on a client-server archictecure which aims to be powerful, yet easily extensible.  Communication is done through a standard http server and CGI script
acd-barguide	Team ACD&#039;s Bar Guide is a downloadable bartending guide for use sans internet.
acdb	Database abstraction layer that simplifies and makes access to data more developer friendly without the need to handle complex string concatenations. Use of expressions like: select.Where(&quot;Id&quot;).IsEqualTo(_myGuid) makes coding faster and more re
acdcontrol	Apple Cinema Display backlight brightness control program.
acdesigner	Access Control Designer is a universal modular tool for visually designing access control policies.
acdesk	acDesk is a &quot;Desktop Suite&quot; for Windows that will allow users to create custom toolbars/buttons, that can be customized to perform everyday tasks, that &quot;dock&quot; to the desktop. Will also feature live RSS Feeds, news/weather tickers, plu
acdev	Third-Party tools, utilities and resources for use with Turbine&#039;s &quot;Asheron&#039;s Call&quot; MMORPG
acdir	The &quot;Active Director&quot; is a new approach to a more efficient way of administration in a Windows NT4, 2000 and 2003 environment. This VB6 project combines the powers of ADSI and WMI to automate object creation, changes and method calls.
acdk	ACDK - Artefaktur Component Development Kit - is a platform independent C++-framework similar to Java or C#/.NET for generating distributed and scriptable components and applications.
acdmaneger	This project offers a information server to integrate telephony sistem without CSTA especifications
acdo	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
acds	The Alamo Collections Database System (ACDS) is a PHP/MySQL/Apache (w/some minor javascript) enterprise debt collection system designed for major/large Debt Collections Agencies.
acdx-c	ACDX is a c++ Automatic Call Distribution system run on windows2000 It support gnugk and it faster than java edition of gnugk ACD
ace	ACE is a platform-independent, collaborative text editor. It is a real-time cooperative editing system that allows multiple dispersed users to view and edit a shared text document at the same time.
ace-freebsd	A set of Makefiles and patches for building ACE library (http://ace.cs.wustl.edu/) on FreeBSD.
ace-gmailclient	This is a simple Mail Client created in VB that uses Gmail accounts to send mail using TLS authentication. The highlight is that you can set the mail size and it will create additional (according to the size) emails and mail them automatically.
ace-radius	ACE RADIUS library is a free portable implementation of RADIUS protocol, as defined in RFCs 2865 and 2866, based on the ACE (Adaptive Communication Environment).
aceacademy	AceAcademy is a Virtual Learning Environment created for delivering the best web interactive education system.  The AceAcademy is an enhanced Bodington System rebuilt using Corba Component Model.
acechatserver	A powerful web chat server suite built using OO techniques whith the ACE(ADAPTIVE Communication Environment) framework, Supports text chat features, auido,video chat planning.
acedns	Project involves creation of DNS Utilities statically compiled with multiple dns libraries (firedns, adns, unix resolver, bind). Currently available are acerblcheck and acehost utilities,
acefe	A graphical user interface meant to facilitate the selection, manipulation, and execution of data specific to programs whose primary function is to emulate obsolete architectures.
aceginet	A Spring.NET security framework port of the Java based Spring security framework, Acegi Security.
acegisecurity	Acegi Security is a powerful, flexible security solution for enterprise software (particularly with Spring). It provides comprehensive authentication, authorization, instance-based access control, channel security and human user detection capabilities.
acell	a framework to build data-driven models of biological cells
acemu	Asherons Call(tm) Server Emulator, create and manage your own AC server.
acemulator	Asheron&#039;s Call Server Emulator
aceoperator	Ace Operator is a tool for enabling live communications between company representatives and online users from web sites. By clicking on the &quot;live help&quot; button, customers can get access to company representatives and exchange information in real
acerhk	Acer Hotkey driver for Linux - a gently way of accessing your Acer&#039;s special keys (Mail, WWW, P1, P2, WiFi).
aces	Awesome Collection of Excellent Stuff (ACES) - A collection of Perl scripts. The current project is a messaging client connecting through ircbase &lt;http://freshmeat.net/projects/ircbase&gt; and emulating the look of popular instant messaging software.
aces-high-code	This is the FIRST Robotics Controller software for the Aces High 176 Robotics team.
aceserv	AceServ is an irc service wich provides OperServ &amp; BotServ. It&#039;s based on OBserv by SideWnder (wnder@underworld.net).
aceserver	AceServer is a HTTP Server based in the project XAMPP, the difference:\n\nAceServer is adapted for the use a called program eAthena, having,\nApache WebServer, MySQL, PHP, Ceres CP/RoCP, eAthena, Perl, DyDNS, FTP Server and Mail Server...
acesupmobile	Aces Up is a fun solitare game that is easy to play and very difficult to win. This version runs on the Windows Mobile environment.
aceswitch	To provide a API Library to make Switch Accessible Assistive Technology easier to create.  It will provide applications with information regarding Switches and provided scanning methods for lists of objects within applications.
acethreatmeter	AceThreatMeter is an Addon for World of Warcraft, it displays the threat members of a raidgroup have on a mob in relative and absolute values.
acetoneiso	AcetoneISO is a program from GUI to easily mount and unmount ISO files.It also has a lot of other utilities like the possibility to convert all known image file types,creates iso of folders,splittes iso,plays a dvd movie iso in a player and much more
aceyget	AceyGet is a program designed to work with the open source program cURL to save multiple copies of remote files. Originally inspired by a need to save all variations of &quot;random&quot; webpages without needing to lift a finger.
acfreeproxy	Free Proxy Server for Win32 - supports HTTP, HTTPS, FTP protocols and TCP-mapping
acg	Generation of assembly code from a pseudocode input description. Generation is carried out with respect to given processor requirements/features - 386, FPU, MMX, 3Dnow!, SSE, SSE2.
acgc	Algorithms to estimate the number of k-colorings of a low-degree graph using samplings from a markov chain are provided.
acgs	project containg software for controlling a chime via an webserver and an io-card.
acgsuing	Additional graphic components for Swing.
ach	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
achaeacure	The Achaean Curing Project is a collaborative attempt to derive a solid curing system for the text-based MUD Achaea: Dreams of Divine Lands, using the ZMud client&#039;s internal scripting language.
achaeasys	The Achaean Curing System (ACS) is a modularized plugin in Lua for the client application MUSHclient designed specifically to track and control combat related and other variables within the MUD Achaea. See (http://tsunami.gautama.googlepages.com/)
achaeasystem	Achaea System for Xpertmud.\nGoal is to manage all things that can be managed by a program, with priority given to healing. It may morph into something else when finally ready for full testing.
achanis	Achanis MUDLib is a game library built on top of the excellent DGD MUD Driver, and Phantasmal MUDLib. DGD&#039;s Kernel Lib provides all of the low-level functionality, Phantasmal the mid-level, and Achanis provides the upper-level, or game-related funct
acharacter	Artificial Character, Artificial Thinker on INTERNET for Robotics especially based on signal processing, image processing, the technologies of computer vision and mind analysis theories between a baby and a mother.
achat	AChat enables you to chat on your local network (LAN). But you can also share entire directories or send specific files, show images to other users and send messages even to users who are currently offline. Everything with full Unicode support.
achelous	Achelous is attempt to clone Mac OS X for the Intel X86 Chipset. There are currently two teams working on the project: the Kernel team and the GUI team.
achernar	C# Html parser capable of parsing badly-formed HTML. It will support custom ASP.NET tags ( &quot;&lt;@&quot; and &quot;&lt;@#&quot; tags), FrontPage and MS Word tags (eg. &quot;&lt;![if&quot;), tags within comments (&quot;&lt;!-- navnode name=value --&gt
acheron-l	This is a port of the Dis virtual machine system to POSIX-compatible operating systems, based on the original Inferno sources, including a Limbo compiler. The port is intended to make the virtual machine and runtime environment more general and easily ex
achievo-modules	Modules for the Achievo Project management software. Currently we have the following modules available: achilles (tickets), crm, pinboard, rss news, automate.
achilles	An OpenGL simulation of artificial life and artificial evolution using neural networks and genetic algorithms based on Larry Yaeger&#039;s PolyWorld.
achimguestbook	Achims Guestbook is a powerful multilanguage PHP guestbook. No database like MySql is needed, but it can handle big datafiles anyway with a speed you have never seen before. You can configure the layout and some other options to adapt it to your needs. A
achtung-kurve	&quot;Achtung, d Kurve&quot; isch ? v?rbessereti nachemachig vo &quot;Achtung die Kurve&quot;. Es git d M?glechkeit zum LAN-Schpiu, Speziaueigeschafte u KI-Schpiler.
acid	Acid is a generalized internet/network client, using &quot;pluggable protocol&quot; libraries to add support for connection protocols. In addition to the Acid application, this project is developing Hotline, FTP, and other pluggable protocol libraries.
acid3lib	acid3lib is A Cute ID3 Library whose aim it is to end the version struggle with the ID3v2 format and provide standard-compliant, reliable and easy-to-use Java ID3v2 support. Supports all versions and features such as compression, unsychronisation and CRC
acidbox	A TiVo-ish PHP/MySql application for obtaining and displaying TV listings and recording programs on request via a V4L device. Allows online playback and file management also. An all in one solution to recording programs wherever you are in the world.
acidcp	A system that takes annotated translations as input and produces a contextual dictionary, which users can then use as a resource for learning the language or for doing translations.
acidcult	Message board / forums with PHP5 and PostgreSQL - maybe a version for MySQL later. Front end will be CSS/XHTML and &quot;AJAX&quot; styled interactions.
acide	ACIDE is A Configurable Integrated Development Environment which can be easily configured for any interpreter, compiler or database system. It enjoys project management, multi-file editing, language colouring and parsing on-the-fly.
acidforum	AcidForum is a forum system written in PHP for a clan-oriented audience. It will support user rankings based on peer ratings, a user hierarchy based on points, a highly-customizable template structure, and support for multiple languages.
acidgames	Acid Games is a new indiependant game development team. All of our projects are opensource or otherwise stated so. We are open for freedback, suggestions, and more. Our main project is called Arograth Online. It is a MMO created with Realm Crafter.
acidic32	To develop a Stable and Advanced IRC Daemon and also develop services for IRCu using mySQL backend for easy web-ability. Also features OS (OperServ), CS (ChanServ) and NS (NickServ) services. There currently on Tempest2 IRC Network. (irc.Tempest2.com)
acidim	This is an Instant Messenger client and server written fully in CGI with Perl. Users can register  their nickname, and chat when anyone comes online. Also you can see they webcam.
acidircd	A bahamut based ircd with IPV6 and hostmasking capabilities and other features.. whilst keeping bahamut stability.
acidmon	This is a software package that uses the ICMP protocol to represent a whole network graphically. A GUI and Text mode applications have been planned for development.
acidmud	Acid! is a full featured mud client written using ruby and the GTK windowing system. The goal is to create an easy to use interface to standard MUD requirements like triggers, aliases, variables, paths, mapping and much more.
acido	Acido is a PHP (PHP4/PHP5) image processing solution, with &quot;pluggable&quot; drivers(adapters) for virtually any environment (either GD2, Image Magick via shell, Image Magick via extension, Magick Wand, etc).
acidrip	AcidRip is an automated front end for MPlayer/Mencoder written in Perl, using Gtk2::Perl for a graphical interface. Makes encoding a DVD just one button click!
acidsecrets	The Acid Secrets (&quot;Les Secrets d&#039;Acide&quot;) will be a fan Role Playing Game programmed in Python. The story will take place in the fantastic world created by JBX for his french MP3 saga: &quot;Les Reflets d&#039;Acide&quot; (The Acid Reflecti
acidview6-win32	ACiD View 6 is is a multimedia viewer for Windows. Its the first to support a variety of both textmode and bitmap graphic formats such as ANSI/ASCII, XBIN, GIF, JPEG and PNG. Additional features include a modem-speed simulator, VGA previewing and more!
acip	ACIP Tools and Content is a project for writing tools and systems for the freely available Asian Classics Input Project material at http://www.asianclassics.org. This includes filtering programs, translation programs, version handling, indexing, and othe
acirc	Internet Relay Chat (IRC) client for the GNOME desktop
acity	Agora is a web-based, threaded discussion tool. It&#039;s *fast* and very intuitive to use. Agora remembers each user&#039;s preferences, and allows unread-only browsing, like a usenet-news system.
ack	ACK (Abstraction Contruction Kit) is a application framework and XML-based language for assembling named abstractions into applications.  As the application is described as an assembly of abstract named pieces, it is simple to create variations on th
ackaboo	Ackaboo is a framework for dynamic websites where buyers and sellers can list products or make requests (RFP).  It is specifically designed to be used in the design and manufacturing of new products.
ackeralbums	ackerAlbums is a PHP application using a mySQL backend that helps you to organize your CD collection.
ackertodo	ackerTodo is a web-based todo list manager which supports multiple users, recurring tasks, multiple languages, categories and much more! It&#039;s written in PHP/MySQL. To see a live working demo go to http://ackertodo.sourceforge.net/todo/index.php and 
ackord	The software takes midi input (e g from a midi keyboard) and prints on the screen what chord you are currently playing. The idea is to write the chords not the perfect logical way, but the way a musician would write it.
ackpoller	This is a service that allows you to proxy comments and acknowledgements.  This is useful for allowing acknowledgements from outside your network.  Right now, it only supports Nagios.
ackronic	Ackronic is a eMule mod software with many function: ISP/NAT Traversal, Slot Control, Advanced Server Filter, Quick Start, Drop Sources, Anti-leecher feature and a lot other.
ackterm	A C# .net VT/Telnet terminal emulator. The project is still very much in development but the Terminal is quite useable and fairly tolerent. It requires a c# 2 compiler. If anyone has taken this project any further, I&#039;d love to see the results.
acl	Advanced C library(ACL) is just for those developers who use ANSI C in UNIX-like\nto complete his/here jobs, which includes network communication, server side \nframework, smart string operation, configure, unit test, etc....
acl-tftp	ACL-tftp - The security enhanced version of the &#039;Trivial File Transfer&#039; (TFTP) daemon
acl-trend	IDS via ACL log management, including basic reporting via PHP
aclassutil	This is a plugin for Anjuta Development IDE and this is an util for object oriented programming (C++). You can insert new item (function or variable) to an existing class.
aclean	AClean is an open source alternative for Windows cleaning programs.
aclibexif	AC.lib-Exif is a Java 5+ library to read and write Exif image meta data for JPEG images.
aclibico	AC.lib-ICO is a Java 1.4+ library/stand alone program to read image files in MS ICO format (i.e., favicon.ico) from URLs, files, buffers, or streams, and convert them to Image objects (library) or display them (stand alone program).
aclocator	ACLocator is a localization program for Asheron&#039;s Call.
aclog	AC.log is a web log analyser written in Perl 5 that analyses web server log files in combined and common format and displays results as plain ASCII text. It offers standard reports, but comes with more sophisticated reports as well.
acloneboard	AcloneBoard aims to be a clone of AcmlmBoard (http://board.acmlm.org/) in clean PHP, compliant XHTML, and licensed under the GPL.
aclutil	A set of tools for querying and modifying the ACL&#039;s (access control lists) and ACE&#039;s (access control entries) of files, services, registry keys, printers, processes, threads, timers, mutexes, events, and semaphores in Windows 2000 and later.
acm	ACM is set of applications that are to provide OSS OS&#039;s with an authentication model named &quot;Action-Chains&quot;.
acm-uc	Everything is a playlist, everything even you are a playlist.
acmacros	This package contains Autoconf macros which enhance the library feature tests of Autoconf.
acmas	Automated server monitoring suite with empazis on reliability, security, scalability, and extreme ease of use. Intended for lazy people who operate a number of servers and needs to be paged when one of the machines needs attention.
acmco-kb	YACMS written in PHP which is a tree-based knowledge base for problem/solution tracking and document storage.
acmcontester	System to organize training and contests by ACM rule.
acmdoc	The ACMDoc (Advanced Content Management Document) Project provides a basic XML document structure aimed at content management used in games and other software. Its main target is to provide a set of Eclipse-PlugIns and SDKs for various languages.
acme	ACME, a powerful content management framework written in Python
acme-sac	This project, Acme SAC, aims to package a version of Acme written for the Inferno operating system as a stand alone editor for multiple platforms. Currently only for Windows.
acmearchsim	This project will provide software architects, designers and developers with tools to build architectural models of software systems and specify quality attributes for these models and evaluate quantitatively in a simulated environment
acmemail	acmemail is a multiuser IMAP/POP3 to Web gateway (or webmail program). It reads mail from a mail server and displays it using HTML on a web server. It is written in Perl, has full support for MIME (and mod_perl) and is quite pretty.
acmeschool	&quot;Acme School&quot; is a server-client framework to help teacher and pupils to learn more efficiently.
acmgen	ACMgen is an automatic code generator of Asynchronous Communications Mechanisms based on the generation of Petri nets models that can be formally verified against some properties and then transformed into a real implementation (e.g. C++ or Verilog).
acmgr	Advanced Clipboard Manager. Manages clipboard in ways nothing can. All time history to fast access slots. A GUI that does not bother the user in any way so it can stay on forever. A real lifesaver for times where you just overwrote something in clipboard
acmnes	ACM NES is an open-source emulator written in C++ that attempts to bring NES emulation to as many platforms as possible.
acmosisfr	AcmosisFR is a PHP frontend for IRPd - the shoutcast/icecast streamer. Using this frontend you can create a fully interactive radio service accesible via webpage (providing current song details,requesting/skipping songs, statistics, playlist management)
acms	As part of an experiment with PHP, SQL and AJAX, this project will grow to become a powerful yet simple open-source content management system with a robust user profile setup including an interactive relational diagram subsystem.
acmsreporter	This Project is going to deal with the Reporting part of the bpo industry, Specifically the bpo organistations who are using avaya ACD System. The Project will be giving the user access to design it reports as per thier requirement.
acmup	El objetivo de este proyecto es la construcci?n de un Framework para la investigaci?n y el desarrollo de aplicaciones sensibles al contexto.
acmus	AcMus is a project on musical acoustics devoted to the development of models and computer tools for the study of room acoustics and focus on helping the investigation of issues related to the design, control and acoustic treatment of environments.
acmwebsite	This is the website of The ACM chapter in Lebanon.In this website we intend to use ASP.net, MySQL, Flash, and other softwares.The website will be the link between the ACM&#039;s chapter members in lebanon trying to facilitate communication between studen
acmx	Acmx library is designed to help AutoCad .net plugins development. It can be used along with AutoCad managed wrappers and COM APIs. It allows use of the Microsoft [Serializable] attribute to attach arbitrary data to the existing AutoCad objects.
acnik	Javascript crossbrowser compatible autocomplete html form text field. Supports client side and server side values. Selected values can be automaticaly inserted in other form fields. Selection can be forced.
acocc	Our aim is to create a collection of useful and free Ansi C libraries of code that are portable around systems.
acolytemtg	Acolyte is an open source, platform-independent tool for playing Magic: The Gathering online and across local area networks.
acommando	A suite of tools for the management of audio files.. with a focus on streaming.
acompiler	This is a customized C compiler project. In this project i&#039;m trying to make a compiler using a localized keyword standard english one that exist in the GNU C .for eample while statment in C i will use a corresponding word in arabic or french).
aconcorde	aConcorde is a multi-lingual concordance tool. It posses basic concordance functionality, as well as English and Arabic interfaces. Written in Java, so will run on any platform that has the Java Runtime Environment installed.
acopost	Part-of-speech tagging is the task of assigning symbols from a particular set to words in a natural language text. ACOPOST implements and extends well-known machine learning techniques and (in the future) provides a uniform environment for testing.
acorncd	freedb proxy server for RISC OS. To allow clients to get freedb information for CDs via a simple API.
acorndrop	A little Blender game where you are a squirrel and you have to collect Acorns that are falling form the top of the screen.
acornicq	The RISC OS ICQ client.
acornutils	Software libraries and utilities relating to the Acorn family of computers, including the BBC Microcomputer and Acorn Archimedes.
acosi	ACOSI is for &#039;Any COmpany SIte&#039; CMS. And that&#039;s exactly what ACOSI is all about - install it, have your designer create the look&#039;n&#039;feel, spend a few hours configuring, and you&#039;re done! Simple? As simple as it could be. Why n
acountthing	LAN(ethernet) accounting system. Adding users, payments(not financial), reports.
acoustic-memory	Acoustic-Memory is a memory game with sound. The goal of the game is to find all pairs of cards with the same sound.
acousticspace	The acoustic.space.lab project is an open source sampling iniative, based around a library of samples gathered at the 32m dish antenna of a former KGB spy station in the forests of Latvia. Users of the site can download, remix, reinterpret and upload aud
acoustmeas	This is a software library for measuring acoustic property with your sound card. It allows users to measure acoustic property without any expensive devices. This is useful for all acoustic engineers/resarchers/students.
acovea	ACOVEA (Analysis of Compiler Optimizations via an Evolutionary Algorithm) implements a genetic algorithm to find the &quot;best&quot; options for compiling programs with the GCC C and C++ compilers.
acp-cherry	ACP Cherry - the most powerful Russian OpenSource billing system.\nFull description on http://cherry.aisp.ru/
acpcontactos	Sistema de contactos del Club de Programadores.
acpi	Committed to the development of fundamental ACPI (Advanced Configuration and Power Interface) components for Linux. This includes a generic ACPI table parser, AML interpreter, bus and device drivers, policy, user interface, and support tools.
acpi-dialog	ACPI Dialog is a dialog for X11 using Gtk. It enables you to easiely control and view several Information of ACPI and laptop specific extras through a graphical frontend.
acpi-largesys	This project is dedicated for supporting large SMP and cc-NUMA platform configuration using ACPI 2.0 or later, including cc-NUMA configuration support and implementation of various module drivers for hotplug, sleep states and large I/O subsystem.
acpi4asus	This project is a Linux kernel driver that allows owners of Asus laptops to use all the functionality of their computers such as special keys, special LEDs, brightness control, ... this project is included in the Linux kernel (since 2.4.22 and 2.5.73).
acpicputhrottle	Generic ACPI CPU Throttling driver for Apple MacOS X on Intel and AMD processors
acpid	acpid - a configurable ACPI policy daemon for Linux
acpimodtester	ACPI Module Tester is a small tool that can perform tests on the ACPI Extras Driver. It is a very easy way to report bugs.
acpimon	This is a ACPI monitoring software written in Python using GTK2 as GUI-Toolkit. This software was written as a simple program to monitor the ACPI status of a laptop. it provides AC Status, Battery Status, CPU Temp, Battery %
acpitool	A small, convenient command-line ACPI client with a lot of features for Linux
acpiw	Displays the contents of the files in the /proc/acpi and records their changes. Useful to get an idea of the ACPI properties of a computer and to see how entries are changing over time (as _should_ temperature or battery capacity).
acpmodem	The ACP modem (Mwave) for Linux is a software based modem composed of a loadable kernel module and a user level application. These components support direct attachment to public switched telephone networks (PSTNs) and support selected countries.
acpportal	Sistema de administracion de contenido de Asociacion Club de Programadores.
acpproduccion	ACP Produccion es un sistema de produccion industrial basado en ACP Portal.
acptsys	Advanced Cross-Platform training system (acptsys), provides a common set of tools which make possible deployment of advanced procedures &amp; sub-systems within the education or training fields, on a cross-platform basis.
acqlite	Acqlite is Gnutella file sharing program based on LimeWire, Acquisition and Cabos. It is free software, no spyware, no adware. It provides simple interface, multi languages support, and iTunes + iPod integration.
acquire	A sensor system testbed that seeks to integrate a web camera, neural networks and wavelet theory to recognize novel objects.
acquiregame	A text-based clone of the Acquire board game, where players buy stocks and try to make the most profit. The game is for 2-6 players, AI players are implemented.
acquis	The Library Acquisitions Database manages the ordering and receiving of items, such as books and video cassettes, for a library system, featuring individual-branch buying and budgeting.
acr-gui	GUI - library, portable, framework independent, small UI layout subsystem based on table-like layout system.
acraft	A-Craft An Open Source clone of the Blizzard\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;s StarCraft. We intent to develop a game inspired in StarCraft, with the same resources of the classic and BroodWar expansion.
acre	Acre calculates growing-space or stand-density of trees and creats pictures of it. It can also be used to calculate weighted Voronoi-Diagrams (splits up an area to the neares point or to the point with the greatest influence at a certain place).
acripper	Automatic command line CD ripper and ogg encoder. It tries to connect to CDDB server to get CD info. If no info is found a text file may be provided instead.
acroformtool	This is a pre-alpha tool for modifying PDF forms written in C. It currently supports PDF versions 1.2, 1.3 and 1.4, which corresponds to Acrobat 3.0, 4.x and 5.x respectively. The program can currently handle text fields, checkboxes, and radio buttons.
acron	PHP/MySQL based wiki application for acronyms. Anybody can add/edit acronyms that their organization uses.
acropadd	Annotate your PDF files on paper.  Share annotations and documents with others.
acrophobia	Acrophobia is an easy to use network based PDF printer.  Acrophobia runs on Linux and is an excellent project for Linux newcomers.
acropolis	Acropolis is a C++ module-based software framework. Each algorithm is encapsulated in a DLL module (a plugin) with well-defined inputs and outputs. Acropolis is then used to interconnect these modules. This architecture is useful for fast prototyping.
acryl	Automation 4 CRYpto-Loops) manages passphrases in encrypted files on USB-Sticks and automates losetup on boot (without interaction but inserting USB-Stick) while having a chance to prevent decrypton if someone steals encrypted data AND the USB-Stick.
acrylic	Acrylic is a local DNS proxy which improves the performance of your computer by caching the responses coming from your DNS servers.
acrypt	The project ACrypt is a little fine crypt/decrypt cross plattform tool, written in C++ with trolltechs qt4 library. ACrypt has a simple gui to use per drag and drop. The crypto algorithm is aes (today rijndael).
acryptohashnet	Implementation of well-known cryptographic hash functions for .Net Framework such as SHA(SHA0, SHA1, SHA2), MD (MD2, MD4, MD5), RIPEMD, Tiger, Haval, Snefru and others.
acs	This is the Aetolia Curing System, or ACS. We&#039;re currently producing a system, and other various scripts, for Aetolia users!
acs-nh	Una aplicacion real para demostrar el uso de la mayoria de las features de nhibernate.\nLa aplicacion esta realizada por el grupo de NHibernate Hispano
acs-server	A Multithreaded Webserver with rpn scripting support optimized for creating Webchats.
acscriptworks	Open-source development of scripting tools for Asheron&#039;s Call.
acsdams	A digital assets management system for the cataloguing, organization, and intelligent display of rich media content.
acserver	New academic use cross-platform, cross-architecture AC server emulator. To be built from the ground up is the idea behind this project.
acsf	Active Client Server Framework is a light-weigth and generic replacement for ADODB/ADOR. It is also a technique suggestion and a set of testing tools for developing n-tier DCOM/MTS/COM+ systems.
acsp	The goal of the project is to build a framework to allow Astaro firewall users to install optional software packages on their firewalls.  (Astaro is a Linux-based firewall available from www.astaro.com.) Such a framework includes a package-management sys
acss	This is graduation project about an automated customer support system.
act-rbot	Cognitive agent based social simulation toolkit (RBOT+MRS) / production system based on ACT-R (http://act-r.psy.cmu.edu) allows for modelling single actor cognitive experiments (RBOT) and multiple actors in a simulated (semiotic) world (RBOT + MRS).
acta	Acta is designed to be as small of a forum as possible, but with the maximum possibility of expansion via addons and that do not require changes to the core script.  Features provided with addons will give the user every feature they would wish for.
actaw	Automatic Conversion Tool for Accessible Web (ACTAW) is a project that tries to improve the Web Accessibility in an automatic way. ACTAW applies the WAI guidelines 1.0 defined by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). Developed in Java.
actedit	ActEdit is an editor for ACT-R-models (http://act-r.psy.cmu.edu/) providing a 3D-Desktop to arrange the production rules. ActEdit can be used to create new models but also to create layouts for rule-production dependencies of already existing models.
actemit	A small, simple 100% native Java library that implements a thread-safe signal/slot design pattern, also known as subscribe/send or emit/act, and which has a simpler API and a less restrictive license than similar existing projects.
acteurs	Web-based interface for music actuality Webzine.
actexport	Allows a person to export from Act 2000 to a delimeted text file With user selectable text and field seperators
actinictools	A collection of tools and scripts designed to competently output feeds, from the shopping catalog Actinic, in various formats, according to specifications given by various online shopping directories.
actinium	Actinium is Model-View-Controller pattern based kernel for web applications. It uses new OOP model of PHP5, which makes it more secure, easy to customize and use.
actioncache	The neteye actioncache is an extension to the jakarta struts framework. Unlike other caching frameworks, it takes advantage of the MVC design and let&#039;s the controller decide, whether the view needs to be updated (because the model has changed).
actioncrypt	A secure, optimized and modular encryption class written in Flash&#039;s ActionScript scripting language.
actiondirectory	ActionDirectory is an cms for web based \\&quot;yellow pages\\&quot; style directories of organizations. It is specifically designed for activists, NGO\\&#039;s and Non-Profit Organizations who want to facilitate social networking and collaboration among co
actionfactory	A set of tools for defining, implementing and steering a dataflow/workflow process on top of a set of CORBA OO components.
actionframework	Action-driven component-oriented web application framework based on Model-View-Controller (MVC) architecture. Goals: minimum complexity &amp; dependency on the framework API, maximum power, reliability and conformance to common standards.
actionfusion	actionFusion lets the user operate on multiple computers located near the user (for instance they are on the same desk) using one single keyboard and/or mouse, where every machine has its own display and is connected to a network.
actiongame	ActionCube is a total conversion of Wouter van Oortmerssen´s FPS called Cube. Set in a realistic looking environment, as far as that´s possible with this engine, while gameplay stays FAST and arcade. This game is all about team oriented multiplayer fun
actionlibmx	A simple library to produce simple effects in Flash using ActionScript.
actionmmo	Action MMO is a working Title of an MMO game that unlike most currently on the market is action based. There are not going to be any times you just sit around or wait , there&#039;s always going to be action , website coming soon
actionpoll	Actionpoll is a simple PHP Voting script which provides the standard functionality such as unlimited options, IP tracking of users, easy installation. Surveys can be stored either in a MySQL database or in text files.
actions	The timed Shutdown and Restart Applet for the KDE system. Also it can execute the commands after specified amount of seconds.
actions-ds	Actions Developer System is web-framework based on the meta-information of data structures. Its helps to get control forms with AJAX-based controls, varios data views (such as databse 3D-view) and report engine integration (based on OpenOffice).
actions-net	Actions.Net is intended to simplify management of user interface in application. One will be able to attach Actions to controls - changing Action properties will automatically change attached controls properties.
actionscript	The ActionScript Flash Extension and Application Repository (FEAR).  Now featuring an exclusive Flash example implementing the Yahoo! Search Web Services SDK.
actionstep	Implementation of the OpenStep (NextStep/Cocoa) Application Kit component framework in ActionScript for the Macromedia Flash player.
activ	An IRC bot written in PHP.
activ-porthole	Quickly view stats about the current visitors on your website.
activa	Activa brings the Asterisk IP PBX to the call center. Built on top of Asterisk, Activa components enable successful call center implementations adding value in areas such as computer telephony, screenpop&amp;click2dial, agent control, automatic dialing..
active	Web based events, news and groups listing for activists. May be adapted for use in other communities.
active-jms	Active JMS is a freely available, non-proprietary, open source ActiveX JMS client API.  With it, you can access a large majority of the JMS functionality without compromise.
activeagenda	Every organization must manage risk (OpRisk). Active Agenda is a browser application that helps organizations reduce risk. XML specification to PHP application on a MySQL Database. We call the process spec2app and it empowers risk control.
activebliss	1. a browser plugin that converts a site in *any* language into Blissymbolics. This is possible, I think, though one has to figure out how to deal multiple meaning words. However, it ain&#039;t gonna translate poetry. 2. a schanzzy typing program 3. a fo
activeboard	A fully featured bulletin board system that uses flat files to store content (no database system required).
activebpel	The ActiveBPEL(tm) engine is a Business Process Management (BPM) runtime environment for executing process definitions created to the Business Process Execution Language for Web Services (BPEL) 1.1 spec. It is written in Java and released under the GPL.
activedefense	ADAM is the Active Defense Algorithm and Model.  It is a formally defined process of determining appropriate active response actions in the event of an attack. This implementation shows that active defense can be a legitimate and responsible security too
activedirftp	ActiveDirFTPServer is a FTP Service written in C# that uses the HomeDrive Setting in the Active Directory, as the root folder when a user logs on to the service.
activedropqueue	ADQ is a set of linux kernel queuing disciplines based on buffer management and scheduling that supports delay guarantee w/o hard-limiting the traffic volumn the apps can generate.  It also enforces link-sharing between different traffic classes.
activegem	ActiveGEM contains a set of perl/Tk graphical interfaces for the GEMPAK meteorological diagnostics and plotting package.  These research-oriented interfaces provide easy access to low-level GEMPAK functions and allow for the maximum possible flexibility.
activegrid	ActiveGrid is an Enterprise Web 2.0 solution that allows the composition of code-free applications that comply with corporate IT standards. Technologies include Python, Java, XForm, Xpath, WSDL, CSS, XML Schema (XSD), XACML, and BPEL.
activejob	ActiveJob provides a set of tools to help manage and schedule tasks.
activelife	Actve Life Attendance and tiem System is the best , easiest and professional time tracing system. the system support Barcode, pdf report export, Time synchronization, Automatic backup, camera, sound and more. all you need is in Active Life .
activelock	ActiveLock is an open-source software licensing library written in Visual Basic to be used in all development enviroments that support COM+ architecture.
activemap	This project is dedicated to the development of a virtual tour-guide system that utilizes Tablet PCs and Active RFID technology to create an interactive tour experience.
activemindsys	Generic Java system tools for systems
activemon	ActiveMon is a simple and extensible software framework for generation and analysis  of active network measurements that can be used for routine network health monitoring.
activemsn	ActiveMSN provides the implementation of the new MSN Messenger Protocol (MSNP8 MSNP9) in Delphi 7. www.cellocity.net
activeodma	ActiveODMA extends usability of the AIIM Open Document Management API (ODMA) and middleware by providing configuration confirmation and troubleshooting tools.  New ODMA fixtures, documentation, and sample code make ODMA VB- and script-friendly.
activepassword	A password filter for Windows NT, 2000, 2003 which requires a stronger password than &quot;passfilt.dll&quot; supplied by Microsoft.
activerecords	ActiveRecords is a Java implementation of Martin Fowler pattern used by Ruby on Rails for Database persistence. ActiveRecords implements similar strategy in Java using Spring-jdbc as a backbone for database-access and transaction management.
activerender	Actively Rendered Graphics Framework for Java GUI development.
activereport	Active Report is a PHP based reporting utility.  It has multi user and group ownership for transactions.  Active Report can be customized for many things, such as POS Transactions, Apache Logs, Financial Transactions, etc.
activespam	actively combat spam through realtime activity monitoring
activesql	Object Relational Mapping, Linq type queries
activeui	The best free cross-browser scrolling datagrid control! Hand-made with 100% client-side JavaScript/DHTML, provides clean separation between data models, presentation templates and control behavior, plus professional look-and-feel and high interactivity.
activewiki	A Wiki built for the ActiveGrid LAMP platform.
activewinamp	An automation plugin for Winamp. This exposes a lot of winamp functionality through COM / ActiveX. You may use this to write VB or .NET or any other applications which interact with Winamp. Also supports internal script hosting.
activewire-osx	This is an independent project focusing on the development of drivers which allow the ActiveWire board (sold by ActiveWire, Inc.) to be used on OS X. ActiveWire, Inc. never updated the drivers from their OS 9 version, thus this project began.
activewizard	Active Wizard is a web based dynamic workflow tool for Documentum Content Repositories. See www.ActiveWizard.com for details. Certified by Documentum, Active Wizard is the leading Open Source Enterprise Content Management dynamic workflow tool.
activex	An open project for a number of activex controls for use in the Windows environment. The controls have been sold commerical before by Eurosource (http://www.eurosource.se) but are now free complete with source code.
activex-barcode	ActiveX Barcode Controls
activexml	A simple multiplatform interpreted language, which stores data in a universal XML format.
activexp	An ActiveX component (developed by Visual Basic) to convert any component/controls from VB into XP-Style without any modification of source code(Currently, XP-Menu is finished) using Subclassing method.
activities	A complete framework for managing and publishing activities (Workshops, Conferences, Courses)  and dealing with students registrations to lectures and practices.
activityindicat	The Activity Indicator utility is a simple program that indicates the HDD activity in the system tray. It contains advanced logging capabilities and friendly interface. It can be used to log the drives and supports indication of many drives by running mo
activityscript	ActivityScript takes an activity diagram (created with a UML tool) and executes it&#039;s contents.  The content of Activity boxes are executed, the Guards of a Decision box are evaluated to control program flow and Fork boxes initiate new threads.
activityspace	ActivitySpace is a .CHM (Compiled HTML Help) file viewer, specially designed for classroom activities. Activities may contain HTML pages and other files. Students may navigate through activities and extract/launch embedded files by clicking on hyperlinks
activitystudio	The ActivityStudio is a tool for prototyping activity-based ubiquitous computing applications. Instead of focusing on an individual application or task, the tool gives designers a richer design context and allows them to focus on a high level activity.
activitytracker	Activities and bugs tracker. You can define projects, components, release and so on. Based on an Xml file as storage layer. You can configure this tool via web. Language: ASP.NET 2.0 - c#
activscm	ActivSCM is a GPL SOA based software system for supply chain management.  The objective of this project is to develop and make standards for all classes of business users (small, medium and large companies, as well as individual or micro).
actl	actl gives you comfortable interface(s) to control APACHE web server.
actlabtv	Our CMS is designed to manage Internet TV and radio stations using the Alluvium p2p streaming engine. It allows for the management and tagging of media files, generates RSS playlist files, and integrates with the Alluvium streaming server.
acto	Ant Custom Tasks for Oracle facilitating continous integration by providing a way for developers to initialize their database environment through sqlplus scripts as opposed to loading dump files.
actor	Actor is a program you can have a conversation with (although perhaps not one which always makes a lot of sense).  It analyzes what the user &#039;says&#039; to it and generates replies based on learned vocabulary and word relationships.
actos	Public transport navigator for Java enabled mobile devices.
actr-sos	A Simple Object System for ACT-R (ACT-R/SOS)
actr-wn-lexical	An ACT-R 6.0 module built from the WordNet lexical database (ACT-R/WN-LEXICAL)
acts	A church management system that make church work easier and systematic.
actsassvn	acts_as_subversion is a plugin for Ruby on Rails that provides automatic revisioning of ActiveRecord objects through a Subversion repository.
actualiza	Compact, Easy to install, Quick and to the point PHP 4 CMS/Portal/Weblog/Blog/Forum w site replication. Simple, Solid and Scalable (Templates/OO/MVC/Java Patterns) Fast embedded CSV Flat-File DB upgradeable to any major database (optional/not required).
actualizer	Actualizer is a project and time management system, which is simple, fast and easy to use. The system tracks realtime time usage realtime, allows for project creation and management, task lists, and task assignment. All with minimal workflow interruption
actualversion	Actual Version System is a systeme is to work in teams on the sources of a project. This systeme is for the moment written in php what allows to install it everywhere easily. Versions customer Java and python should arrive afterward. With this systeme fo
actwire	This driver should provide a Linux Kernel interface to the ActiveWire USB Modules (see http://www.ActiveWireInc.com).
acubbill	Accounting and billing system
acudos	AcuDOS is an attempt to revive the PDE MS-DOS Emulator. It aims at emulating the PC hardware and simulating MS-DOS with maximum of accurateness including cycle-exact CPU emulation and support for CGA tweaked modes and true CGA colours.
acui-agenda	Agenda partagé sur un réseau. Compatible tout client de messagerie.
acuity	Adaptive Work-Centered User Interface Technology (ACUITy) utilizes semantic technology in an ontology-based approach to modeling and implementing intelligent user interfaces.
acumetric	A web based file format evaluation tool. Select a file, or type in a file name, and have it reviewed for compliance relative to an established file format policy. The page first maps extensions to mime-types and then to an superior/inferior assessment.
acusto	MVC framework for PHP
acuview	AcuView is a data management and billing program for acupuncturists. It can be compiled on many operating systems using wxWidgets. It can be used as a backup system for the physical form in a business. It is intended as a replacement for TCM.
acweb	acWEB is an OpenSource replacement for MS IIS and other proprietary WEB servers for Windows. Unlike IIS, acWEB is not affected by viruses like CodeRed, Nimda, etc :).
acwiki	AcWiki is a Wiki System written in Php5. AcWiki tries to combine the advantages of wikisystems with the search functionality of a database. Therefor each page gets a &quot;type&quot; including defined properties, which lateron can be searched for.
acx100	Open Source Linux driver for wireless network cards (DWL-[G]520+ PCI, DWL-[G]650+ CardBus, GL-2422MP mini-PCI, DWL-120+ USB etc.) which use entirely undocumented TI ACX100/ACX111 chips, for 2.4.x to 2.6.x kernels. FreeBSD: see http://wlan.kewl.org
acxp	The Asheron&#039;s Call eXPerience, ACXP for short, is a server emulator for Asheron&#039;s Call. Thus far all attempts at creating a server emu for AC have been closed source and failed. ACXP will be the first fully supported open source emulator for AC
acy-7	A web-based application that tracks multiple projects and project related information such as time tracking of a project.
acydmods	This is the place the Attachment Mod is at home. The Attachment Mod is an addition to phpBB Forums (not ported phpBB Packages), allowing to attach files to posts with a vast of options for displaying/adding files. The feature list will reveal most of it.
ad-coit	Connects to Active Directory and retrieves a list of computer objects, queries for FSMO roles, and then connects to computer objects and queries for inventory information.
ad-gallery	Validní obrázková galerie vyuívající PHP a mySQL.\n-dvouúrov?ové galerie\n-monost zaheslování\n-monost povolit / zakázat registrace\n-slideshow\n-statistiky\n-p?ehled komentá??\n-rozsáhlá administrace\n-validní HTML\n-RSS
ad-hoc-networks	We&#039;re developing computer model of ad hoc network and different cryptograph protocols of key sharing for working in the model.
ad-system	Ad-system is an advertisement system, based on PHP and MySQL.
ad4unix	AD4Unix is a plugin for Microsoft ActiveDirectory administration tool, which is able to manage extra attributes required for by Unix driven systems to keeps accounts in the Active Directory database.
ad7924	A software interface to the Analog Devices AD7924 A/D converter.
ad9850-control	Windows, Delphi Software for controlling the Analog Devices DDS Synthesizer AD9850 under Windows 9x/ME/2000/XP via the parallel port. You may use it as a high-precision dc-60 MHz signal source contained on a single chip.
ada-autoit	This is an Ada binding to AutoITX a Test automation interface for win32 Graphical User interfaces.
ada-gerbil	This is a logging API for Ada.  It&#039;s not a port of log4j.  This library seeks to be ultra-flexible whereas log4j was designed to be efficient.  The design is essentially a graph of message stream arcs and message processing nodes.
ada-player	An Ada binding to the libplayerc client library of Player/Stage robot platform.
ada-spread	Ada Binding for high performance messaging service http://www.spread.org
ada-sqllite	Project is defunct please see GNADE insted. http://gnade.sourceforge.net/
ada2gxl	Ada to GXL is a factextractor translating from Ada Source code to the Graph eXchange Language (http://www.gupro.de/GXL/) to support reengineering. The Ada ASIS library and the GNAT compiler will be used for the translation.
ada95osxbinding	Ada 95 bindings to Mac OSX Carbon
adaapter	ADAAPter is a P2P DAAP (Digital Audio Access Protocol) Client for copying shared music from iTunes and other DAAP servers on your Local Network with built-in Bonjour auto-discovery of servers.
adac	Adac is a job control system supporting Data Warehouses. With adac you can build ETL processes, mail bursting, generate Excel reports etc. Extensive support for extraction from SAP, and external DBMS e.g. MS Sqlserver are built into the system.
adacf	The Ada Cryptographic Framework (ACF) is a set of Ada packages that implement the most popular cryptographic algorithms. The main goal of the proyect is to implement a complete set of cryptographic primitives entirely in Ada 95
adadl	A collection of generic Ada95 packages and GADT&#039;s to allow quick construction of programs and systems.
adadoc	AdaDoc is a tool for developers using the Ada95 programming language. Its goal is to create documentation in different format (XML, HTML, LaTeX, ...) from a specification package.
adads	Ada Developer Studio
adaf	ADAF(adon database application framework) is a java-base lightweight database application framework ,just let person design and code database application easy and be absorbed in business tier ^-^
adafrom	A tool for automating the creation of thin bindings in Ada 95.
adage	Adage is an advanced graphics packagecombining simplicity with CAD/CAGD power.  It comprises a Gtk frontend and an extensible graphics engine based on the MDAG programming system.
adage4	AdAge4 is a content module for the gCraft MMO Engine. gCraft can also be found within this project. gCraft will be a generic engine programmable in Lua/XML to provide an easy to modify gaming environment.
adagen	AdaGen is looking at creating community based generators for the Synthis Adalon product. Primarily looking at the Fusebox Methodology, custom generators will be developed for Cold Fusion and PHP fusebox using XML and XSLTs.
adagide	AdaGIDE: GNAT Integrated Development Environment for Windows
adago	Adago is a program to play the game of Go on the internet, and to edit games in the SGF format.
adaimgsvr	ADA Image Server is server specialized in photo web-publishing. No need to copy the JPEG files on a remote web server, your machine serve it directly to the web with efficient thumbnail generation, bandwidth optimization and inherited skins.
adal	ADAL (Automatic Database Access Layer) creates VB.NET classes and SQL Server 2000 stored procedures that remove a lot of the redundant code required when building a new .NET application.
adalogo	adalogo is an ada and logo interpreter written in java/swing. the idea is to help people learn the programming concepts by visualizing their actions with the turtle
adam	Anthromorphic Dynamic Artificial Machina is a ongoing project in robotics. It is written entirely in Java and currently uses a modified version of an existing AI engine on sourceforge known as EBLA.
adam-soft	The Adam (Agile Digital Archive Management) Project aims to be high performance, scalable java application to manage unstructured data (documents). Our goal is to obtain an agile, high performance document management system.
adam3d	Adam is a programming language that is truely visual. There is a person named Adam who walks around in a 3D environment to show the execution of a program. A program is a description of the sequence of actions Adam must perform on the objects in a
adamant	adamant is a toolset and library written in perl to make sysadmins lifes easier. Administration of heterogenous systems will be homogenified. This tool ist currently in planning phase.
adamastor	ADAMASTOR - Projecto Adamastor
adambots-live	A collection of tools and scripts, including Knoppix-based Linux distribution with tools needed to develop robotics software for US FIRST and other robotics competitions.
adamem	Updated version of the Adamem emulator for new PC systems
adameva	A small, portable, BCPL parser and interpreter
adamof	AdaMOF is the mof library for ada progpramming language.
adams	ADAMS (Artist Database Admin Made Simple) a database administration solution for Artists who need to keep track of their artwork.
adamsiptv	Project to merge linuxtv, vlc, xmltv, cron, mysql and apache utilising Perl to create Freeview(DVB) IPTV server to broadcast TV or record programmes.
adaparse	All 32-bit MS Windows (95/98/NT/2000/XP)
adapdev	Adapdev.NET is an enterprise framework that builds on the Microsoft.NET framework, providing enhanced components for object caching, database access and querying, code generation, unit testing and encryption, among others.
adaprojet	A GNAT/Ada95 GNU autotools project generator. Adaprojet quickly setups an entire GNU autools project for Ada with a few simple commands. Adaprojet makes it easy to use the familiar configure, make, and make install with Ada.
adapt	This project was implemented in a better way by Phillip j. Eby (pje at telecommunity.com).
adaptagrams	A library of tools and reusable code for adaptive diagramming applications, eg: drawing tools, automated document and diagram layout, smart presentation software, graph drawing, chart layout, etc.
adaptit	Java ICAP 1.0 server with API to add services.
adaptive-gui	The Adaptive GUI Environment is a complete C++ application framework, including a class library and tools for cross-platform development
adaptive-ioc	Adaptive IoC is a lightweight yet powerful and extensible IoC (Inversion of Control) Container for Java. Adaptive IoC allows engineers to intuitively assemble independent, pluggable and interchangeable components into an integrated whole.
adaptivecellsj	AdaptiveCells J2EE generates test-beds for benchmarking J2EE performance. They consists of highly customizable EJB cells that can emulate CPU load, memory usage, memory leaks and exceptions. The behaviour of the cells is coordinated from a web front-end.
adaptivefw	A dynamic and adaptive firewall system developed from an existing static script developed by Vasoo Veerapen. Shall be incorporating a number of features to dynamically and automatically firewall hosts as well as providing flexibility for demilitarised zo
adaptiveplan	Enterprise-class open source business performance management solution that enables companies/departments to move beyond spreadsheets and improve decision making by automating budgeting, forecasting, reporting and analysis. http://www.adaptiveplanning.com
adaptmot	MOT++ is an Adaptive Hypermedia system based upon the LAOS framework. It can work together with semantic desktop setups. The stand-alone enricher application needed for this is is also offered on this page! See http://prolearn.dcs.warwick.ac.uk.
adaptproject	A game development project by and for the members of the Atomic Maximum Power Computing ADaPT project.
adaptweb	Structure your Web learning pages to different publics, including courses, cultural groups, or educational level. The system offers a teacher structuring tool and a student interface. Two learning interfaces are offeredd: tutorial and free navigation .
adara	Adara will be a Java-based MUD engine. The main purpose is to create an environment that is easily editable and maintained while at the same time providing the power of a fully scalable and dynamic system.
adas	Viewer, Editor and Converter for data recorded by GPS Devices (like Garmin Edge 305). Editing of tracks/routes/courses, export to common formats like GPX or KML (Google Earth). Runs standalone or as an eclipse plugin.
adasdl	AdaSDL  is a set of  Ada (programming language) bindings, ports, and some original applications based on SDL (Simple DirectMedia Library - http://www.libsdl.org)
adastar	Ada 95/2005 Bindings for db.* Embedded Database
adastra	Physics simulation toys in Java. The focus is on systems simulation:mostly guidance/navigation systems, but also including hydraulic, electrical and life-support.
adatabase	A PHP5 database agnostic abstraction layer. Allows PHP developers to issue standard SQL commands and expect the same results regardless of which type of database server is used.
adatoccpp	Adatoccpptranslator is a software developped in C++ for Linux, Solaris and Windows which convert Ada 83/95 source code to comprehensive, maintenable C/C++ source code by preserving the readibility and the structure of original code
adatris	AdaTris is a version of a popular falling brick game written in the Ada programming language.  It will feature multiplayer capability.
adaxas	Adaxas Open Source Search Engine for WML and later HTML and other file types. Intensive use of MySQL/InnoDB, maybe later own index system. Primarily for use on www.adaxas.net
adb	Active Directory Browser (AD Browser) is a remote browser tool for viewing, managing, personalizing Microsoft(c) Server Active Directory(tm) User accounts. AD Browser could also be used as a LAN Chat application within Enterprise (Company).
adbd	ADbD is Abstract Database Library. Written in PHP5. Is design for speed and simplicity.
adbgone	AdBGone is a small, and useful piece of software that runs in the background, blocking PopUps, and replacing those annoying internet advertisements (banners, logos, etc.) with the AdBGone logo, solid background, or some raw HTML of your choice.
adbit	Shell Script based installation utilities to facilitate the building, packaging and installation of custom Database applications, specifically database objects such as tables, stored procedures, data etc.
adbkv1	A graphical address book in DOS
adblock-rules	A set of Adblock patterns for daily browsing.
adbmanage	This is a standalone php script that allows the administrator of a site to connect and manage their database without using phpMyAdmin. It also has a wizard to create new tables and databases.
adbnewssender	ADbNewsSender is A different Double opt in Based Newsletter Sender. For example, It allows you to set an expiration date for your subscribers. Please visit the project homepage to get more information (an Online-Demonstration is available, too).
adbutch	AdButcher waits silently in the background while your surf the net, only to &#039;butcher&#039; the Pop-Up Ads on your &quot;Most Wanted List&quot;! AdButcher Uses The Free Programming Language AutoIt.
adc-archmbox	Archmbox is a simple email archiver written in perl; it parses one or more mailboxes and performs specific actions.
adcalc	A linux calculator which maintains the option of the simple text-based experience of bc while adding features like function declaration, registers, and a gtk+2.0 GUI. There are many predefined functions and constants. Graphing is one of many future plans
adcenter	This project offers an uniformized way to interface a extented variety of analog-to-digital conv. chips to a computer that uses Windows. It is written in C as a set of plugin DLLs plus a central interface. The interface is intented to be VB compatible
adcfw-log	adcfw-log is a tool for analyzing firewall logs in order to extract meaningful information and generate different kinds of reports, such as fully formatted reports of what had been logged, with summaries by source or destination host, the type of service
adchnet	ADCH.NET is a Direct Connect hub that is designed to be easy to use, as well as provide quality features to hub operators. Implemented in C#, it runs on both .NET and Mono.
adchpp	A hub (server) for the ADC network
adclock	This project is a small timer for advertisements in TV. You start the program when the ads start and it alerts after several minutes. The durations are configured for Turkish Media Laws.
adconsole	This is an alternative to the -Users and computers Active Directory- console provided by Microsoft with Windows 2000 Server. It brings a lot more functionnalities like mass property editing, etc...
add-alarm-clock	Simple alarm clock with repetition alarm. Set it before you start an addictive game for example, and you will be reminded when it&#039;s time to quit.
addalink	Linklist with mysql and PHP
addam	Automated DB Deployment and Maintenance (ADDAM) eases the tracking &amp; applying of SQL (DDL, DML) scripts to manage changes.  In effect, &quot;Agile DB Development&quot; for prod/dev.  Other tools include reverse-engineer schema and import/export from/
addanc	Addanc is a distributed/scalable system for stress/load testing web based applications. Addanc tests focus on the arrival rate of service requests rather than a fixed number of simulated clients.
addbookdb	This is a non-relational database program, designed to create/edit/remove entries from a static &quot;data.db&quot; file, kept locally. It currently functions as an Address Book, although it can be adapted for other uses. Included is a database-related l
addicted	Dictionary software based on client-server architecture for platform independent translating.
addieland	A small game engine.
addininsert	This project provides an AddIn for the SharpDevelop IDE that adds an Insert option to the Edit menu.  Several Insert commands are available, including current date and current time.
addline	a simplified application to aid shell scripts in appending text to files.
addmaker	Addmaker is a framework based on MVC and templating system written for PHP5, but the idea is that the logic tier could be written in any language. It&#039;s created to improve SEO operations and make multilanguage simplest.
addon-projekt	This project releases different addons or plugins for the great groupware PHProjekt. But nothing is perfect and everywhere is something to expand. First addon is a shop (phPay); backup and drivers log will also appear here soon.
addrbook	OK, I am still a beginner C++/PHP programmer, but I do my best.   In this project, I have attempted to create an address book that takes in First Name, Last Name, Address, Email Address, etc.   There are more, but please see my files for more information
address-book	A program that stores a persons name, phone number, and e-mail address.  A very easy program to edit.
address-ldap	This script is to help users of Unix/Solaris/Linux to migrate Outlook AddressBook or any  other Address Book format to be maintened as Global ldap Address Book or who are switching from Windows to LDAP DATABASE.
address550	Address550 is a Cocoa-based Mac OS X program for removing duplicate data from the system address book.  It shows all contacts that share common data and allows the user to merge contacts.  It also shows contacts that have the same data in multiple fields
addressactions	Address Actions manipulates addresses in Mac OS X 10.4 (and hopefully 10.3). Select an address in an email, webpage or other text, then choose Address Actions from the Services menu to add the address to the Mac OS X Address Book or display a map.
addressapplet	Address Book as Java Swing Applet with searching, sorting, different views on the data (XML+XSLT=HTML), birthday calendar, JDateChooser, sending of mails, download and upload of address books through firewalls, import of and export to other address books
addressbar	AddressBar; A launchpad for windows, quickly address files, directory&#039;s, startmenu items, by keyboard, without the use of the mouse
addressbook	Addressbook synchronization library for various messaging clients like Outlook, Outlook Express, Lotus Notes.
addressbook-s	Secure Addressbook is based on the JavaScript implementation of Wheeler &amp; Needham&#039;s Block TEA (Tiny Encryption Algorithm) by Chris Veness. It allows maintaining secure records even the on shared hosting server, as data en/decrypted at browser on
addresspad	Addresspad can collect all the addresses and contact details of people and user can search and retrieve the needed addresses from the databse. PHP pear DB Data Object, Smarty and CSS are used well.
addresstangler	A simple PHP/HTML trick to provide security for an e-mail address on a web page against the spammers bots.
addsalt	The Addsalt project provides support for simulation-based testing of distributed systems.  The project includes: a simulation environment wrapping simjava, a classloader to instrument simulation code, and modules to help with test execution.
addstats	this is a project the is going to add a Nav to the RPG lotgdaddiction.com/game/brian
addtodo	Minimalist personal project and todo tracker written in the Unix shell.  Compact but feature complete, includes version control, audio (Mac OS X only), powerful regular expressions.
addus	adduser script addu qmail apache postfix bash sh zsh
adduser-qmail	Program to create mail users to use with Qmail, you wont have to think about all the things you have to do, adduser-qmail will do all the work for you. Supports MySQL to store usernames, passwords, alias and more.
adduserx	Adduser utility for Macintosh OS X.
ade	An architecture development environment for distributed agent architectures for virtual and robotic agents
adebug	Adebug/Assemble is a pair of Debugger/Assembler for the MC68Xxx family running on Atari and Amiga computers. Years ago commercial product, now GPL.
adecisiontabgen	Eclipse plugin to create decision tables, determine completeness and generate Java code from the table.
adedonha	Adedonha is a very popular vocab game in Brazil (also known as Stop! worldwide), and this is its online version, developed in Java.
adelf	adelf transdelivery
ademi	ADEMI, after being complete for about year now, has been removed i am now using this space to host my files for another Project(s) that i am currently working on.
adempiere	Adempiere is an ERP Bazaar for Open Source Developers that contribute improvements of Compiere, CRM, Shopfloor, POS, Helpdesk, Financials Accounting, Supply Chain, Knowledge and Business apps in an open and unabated fashion. Focus is on the Community.
aden	Aden is a software to manage and user Linux desktop for cybercafe usage.
adeopensite	A distributed database of XML documents for Intranets and the Internet in a region where connectivity is sporadic.  Development is by UN Volunteers and Loja Technical University,  to support staff of the Business Development Agency in Loja, Ecuador
adept	Adept is a free multilanguage e-learning system. Users can choose, navigate, read  courses on screen, do exercices and download related material. Authors can create courses online or import them from word processor files and quiz generation software such
adequae	Adequae is CMS tool based on SPIP and used to manage websites and Intranets. Functionalities include customized publishing workflows, permissions configuration per groups, etc. Tech : PHP/MYSQL.
adesklets	adesklets is an interactive Imlib2 console for the X Window System. It provides to scripted languages a clean and simple way to write great looking, mildly interactive desktop integrated graphic applets (aka &quot;desklets&quot;).
adesktop	Purpose of this project is to provide the Agenda PDA with a way to easily sync and manage all of its features with a desktop.  Similar to ActiveSync for windows and Helio desktop.
adevs	Adevs is a C++ library for building discrete event simulations. It is based on the Discrete Event System Specification (DEVS) and Dynamic DEVS modeling formalisms.
adextinguisher	Adextinguisher is a small proxyapplication for Windows that blocks ads in websites. Adextinguisher was initially developed using C++ by Mike Ingle, the development is now done by a top russian developer Ironnem - http://sourceforge.net/users/ironnem.
adf	ADF is an open source framework for developing software agents, using J2EE and JBoss.
adf-ant	This project is a repository for Ant tasks for making the development and deployment of ADF based applications easier, for instance a custom task to merge multiple CPX files for deployment.
adf-core	Core library for multiplatform Application Development Framework used in various projects: Vehicle monitoring, SMS sender application and others. Includes builtin features like XML, scripting, translation, etc.
adfc	The ADFC code is a computational fluid dynamics (CFD) C++ solver for incompressible viscous flow over 2D and 3D geometries. It uses finite element and the characteristic method on unstructured meshes to solve Navier-Stokes equations.
adfconverter	In order to facilitate standardization and exchange of microarray layout, this project provides an ADF (Array design File))/MAGE-ML converter.
adfopus	ADF Opus is a file management tool for ADF files and hardfiles. It allows you to perform most common tasks (like copying, renaming, deleting, etc.) with your ADFs without having to go anywhere near an emulator.
adfs	ADFS lets you mount disk images from any Apple II OS: ProDOS, DOS 3.3, Pascal, CP/M, for drag and drop file exchange with the Finder.  Get Info, show Preview, Disk Map and many other utilities built in.
adg	A non-interactive Cairo canvas specifically designed to generate technical drawings.
adgali	Adgali is a library for game programmation. It will provide: GUI interface, 2D graphics management with planes, sound and music management, video streaming. The underlying layer is the SDL library for low level access.
adgen	Adgen is a simple program for managing banner ads. Each page that is to display an ad incorporates a server-side include referencing the adgen cgi-bin program. See it in production at http://www.faximum.com/ (or visit the project home page).
adgen4asciidoc	The ADGen application was developed in order to simplify the generation of web site using AsciiDoc file format
adh	AdH is a 3D multiplayer role playing game based on the greek antiquity. The project aims to model a coherent social and economical system, and bring you to a time of great wars and dark conspiracies!
adhanalarm	Adhan Alarm is a fully internationalizable application that plays the Islamic prayer call (adhan) at its designated time. The audio and timetable is fully customizable by the user. Daily and annual prayer times are displayed in a nice color coded table.
adhoc	This folder is intended to provide a complete framework for wireless ad hoc networks implementing security and QoS specifications. The base routing algorithm to be used is choosen as DSR. A purpose specific ad hoc simulator (java) will also be developed 
adhocreport	Ad hoc reporting tool written in java to be used with a JDBC compliant database and designed for the in Web Applications using JSP, Java Servlets, XML, and XSLT.
adhocster	Serverless Instant Messenger with integrated implementation of aodv routing protocol for adhoc networks. can also be used on non-adhoc networks. java jdk1.4, platform independent. offers features like: chat, multichat, filetransfer, encrypted connections
adhomepage	A Firefox Extension that makes your homepage adapt to your browsing habits.Your homepage will change wrt the time of day.
adhtml	Not just another DHTML API, the ADHTML API does more than just enable smarter dynamic element manipulation, it extends the JavaScript language, enables loadable script modules and remote scripting and more.
adi	A massively multiplayer (MMP) RPG written in Java. Ad Infinitum (or ADI) will use XML-RPC for remote communication and will be fully extensible/customizable through XML.
adict	Adict&#039;s aim  as the name already suggests  is creating a high-standard online dictionary environment with visualisation of words and their history, especially using the IPA-system. It&#039;ll be run totally under PHP with the help of MySQL.
adictionary	Romanian - English and English - Romanian Dictionary!Contains over 50.000 words, and it is open-source!
adidem	database management and web interface tools for a database of US laws and cases.
adieu	a small console based utility program for creating LDAP email entries
adif	Distributed invertion of one-way functions, using time/memory/data tradeoff.
adigidict	ADigidict is a dictionary of new breed. Its goal is to provide you with a good interface for working with the dictionaries you want in the language you need.
adigres	ADIGRES is a powerful cross-platform Document Management System written in Java. It can be used to archive various document formats such as HTML, PDF, e-mail, plain-text or images. A user management module and a full-text search engine are included.
adii	prevent information from disclosure
adime	An add-on library for Allegro. Provides a very simple API for opening dialogs: You only need one function call with a format string specifying a number of data fields (e.g., a string, an integer, a filename). 3d look. Includes several extra gui objects.
adisisdrupal	Adisis Drupal Framework for Delphi (aka AdisisDrupal) is a collection of classes to administer Drupal sites.
adisk	Console file manager
adiss	ADISS (Active Directory Interface for Subversion Security) provides a means to automate the maintenance of Subversion authorization configuration files based on membership in Active Directory groups.  Written in PHP with a Mysql database.
adit	Adit is another database interface tool built with Java. Adit is a lightweight tool for querying any database with a JDBC driver. Features include saved connections, saved queries, export to delimited text, and database metadata.
aditya	The software aims to provide a declarative style interface and parsers for integrating jobs with clustered computing or grid applications
adium	Adium is an open source, multi-protocol instant messaging application for Mac OS X.
adivinator	Adivinator is a game in which you have to guess a number introduced by a user or by the computer.
adjective	The Adjective Project is a set of java components, with a particular focus on web application development.
adjustimg	A Tcl/Tk library which allows you to make adjustments to an image (eg rotation) that procudures for do not exist in Tk.
adk	The Atlantis Developers Kit (ADK) Project has tools and connectors for cross platform development and delivering web services to end users. The ADK includes API libraries for SOAP/WSDL parts, BPEL, Pay Pal, ISS, Delphi, Smalltalk and Atlantis.
adkp	Aurum WoW Guild DKP system
adl	Adventure Definition Langage (ADL) - a language used to create text adventures similar to Zork and other Infocom games.
adl-parser	Java Archetype Definition Language parser
adlaap	Simple but functional application to manage your banners. offers statistics with access to advertisements and you can add new clients/campaign from administration panel and much more.
adldap	A class for PHP to talk to Active Directory through LDAP.
adlib	ADLIB - a C library of fundamental algorithms and their data structures. It includes thread safe implementation of circular list, doubly linked list, stack, queue, deque and binary search tree.
adlogin	Add ActiveDirectory login for all your website.\nCurrently support Joomla, phpbb.
adlwebsite	Using PHP, provide methods for the creation and maintenance of a annotated lyrics website.  Supports sections for discographies, essays, links, and bibliography.  Also lets viewers add their own information.
adlxp	Login environment to help standardize computer and user configuration in an WinXP/2003 network. Pre-Logon configuration, user profile management, and software installation.
adm	A program to integrate your desktop with the Asterisk PBX.
admachine	AdMachine is framework for produce, schedule, billing and display some ads. It will include two parts: AdServer  and AdTeminal. AdServer: Linux, Apache, Mason; Terminal: OS independent, Java
adman	WYSIWYG Advertising Manager. This program helps build advertising layout dummies for newspapers or magazines. All the data is stored in MySQL database. The layout can also be accessed through a web browser.
admatel	GNEAX project is a sowftware system to administrate a PBX calls. It&#039;s capture a pbx register and store it in a MySQL databse. It is composed by: GBX --&gt;&gt; Capture system RS-232 or RJ-45. Developed with C++ WBX --&gt;&gt; Administration and anal
admctrl	AUTHd: Admission control daemon is a system aiming to provide authentication and authorisation services to other services. Uses the keynote trust management system. It is accessible via IPC, network (OpenSSL support) and kernel-space.
admedit	admedit is a system configuration file editing tool, which is similar to vipw in that it allows sysadminst to edit configuration files without clobbering changes made simultaneously by other sysadmins.
admgr	PHP Ad Manager - supports banner &amp; text ads, ad classes, ad groups, multiple domains, advertiser logon for statistics and more
admidio	Admidio is a free open source members management system for homepages of organizations and groups. The system contains several modules like profiles, lists (with Excel export), dates, fotos, guestbook or downloads which you can add to your page.
admin-linux	Admin-linuX is a linux kernel  2.6.10 based os and installs to ram during boot. The 32 MB iso unpacks to 64MB RAM. Admin-linuX does NOT provide graphical interfaces (GUI&#039;s) like gnome or KDE. It is designed to do administrative, shell script tasks.
adminagents	A framework and collection of programs for performing sysadmin tasks with intelligent error handling and notification.
adminager	This is a database structure and interface designed to help network administrators manager secure data for various networks between numerous employees over a combination of access methods.
adminboards	Admin Boards is a PHP and MySQL based message board. It will have forum catorgorys, a private messaging system, memberlist, polls, private boards, lock topic option, search, view profile, and more. The idea is like the phpBB message board.
adminbox	AdminBox bir g?venlik eklentisidir. PHP-Nuke kullanicilari i?in admin.php dosyasinin gizlenmesi ?nemlidir. AdminBox ile admin.php gizlenip panel aray?z?ne bir sifre ile ulasarak g?venligin saglanmasina calisilmakta.
admindb	AdminDB is a database administration tool, for multiple DBMS,  intended to handle the management tasks, i.e.: create and drop databases, create/drop/alter tables, delete/edit/add fields, execute statements, etc..
admindesktop	To build a administrative desktop for managing Novell, NT, and Unix/Linux Servers. This project will consist of a Desktop OS and a server client. Focus is on stability and security, with ease of use for administrators.
adminia	Adminia System is a framework to help php developers make administration modules for their web sites. The general idea is to provide with a simple and light-weight framework that can be used in about five minutes per administrative section.
adminibs	Web-based administration system for NIBS
administr8	Administr8 is a web site maintenance and intranet utility that is designed to be easy to install and easy to use, yet still be flexible enough to meet the needs of your web site. Current features include news and article publishing, a file manager and mo
administration	A software tool is required to provide course registration and timetable booking for practicals and tutorials for any level of course taught by the Deparment via the Web. Student lists should be obtained from University systems ideally.
adminix	Adminix is a software for Linux based Systems that runs on deamon basis and allows admins to manage system via Telnet and HTTP. It has IDS, admin tools, LOG viewers, Statistics etc In one word it aims to be help to admins
adminlog	Adminlog provides the command line tool &quot;i&quot; which permits administrators to read, write, and share first person notes about their administrative actions on a server.
adminls	Very simple C program, which lists groups, users or both on your server. Tested on FreeBSD 4.x.
adminpanel	New CMS system - AdminPanel2006. In this moment, AdminPanel is Alpha version, becouse this 2 version this CMS. In this moment, building new version AdminPanel - Alpha2.
adminrss	AdminRSS is designed for website administrators who wish to know when one or more of their sites are down. It will provide an RSS feed of all inactive sites or sites which appear to have been hacked.
adminserv	Aplication with ASP.Net and Microsoft Windows .Net Framework for Administrate remote servers Microsoft Windows ( only ). Make your Extensions for add funcionality.
adminspy	Have you ever tried to run a large LAN party... and failed?  If so, you would seriously appreciate AdminSpy, which allows you, the administrator, to control multiple game servers from one single client at one workstation.  For public server admins, Admin
adminsw	AdminSW is project that aims to be complete system admin tool for management of\nremote computer nodes.
adminsystem	adminsystem is a web based conetent management system, featuring user/users groups management, sessions, virtual file system, trace log, debug - such &#039;basic&#039; stuff. Other features could be add using plugins (like forum, news system, gallery, et
admintarjcred	A Credit Card Management System for small, local credit card companies.
admintool	Personal Administration Tool is a Windows based program written in Clarion Enterprise 6. Use this tool to maintain your addresses, projects, info, to-do.
admintools	Admintools is a set of tools which evolved during sysadmin&#039;s everyday life. The featureset of the tools is more or less specific to Windows 2003 on Dell servers. Admintools enhance the OS and system management capabilities.
adminutility	AdminUtility is simply a collection of PHP-scripts and some bash-scripts to help an admin to setup and configure a remote server-system. The main goal of this project is a complex packetfilter which can be used over ssh and a secured webserver.
adminzone	PHP Admin Zone is a multi-module system for aiding the modern webmaster. It features a to-do list, a chat, mail client, server information, an idea board, and a calendar. This all in one unit is perfect for any webmaster for any site, large or small.
admiral	Batch mode EDI development kit to develop, parse, convert, and verify EDI documents. It supports major EDI documents (EDIFACT, X12, and customized XML).
admitwist	un programme de liaison entre le logiciel admino gestion commerciale ( www.fyelle.com/admino.htm ) et virtuemart boutique en ligne( virtuemart.net ) permetant la synchronisation des commandes,articles, client de virtue mart vers admino et vice versa etc.
admixmap	A program to model admixture using marker genotype data
admixor	Linux/Windows Admin with interactive features to control Resources on a remote PC
admlogger	ADMLogger is a log analyzing engine. Using this core, users could easily build upon it with plugins. fireparse is an ADMLogger plugin that emails a report of all packets that have been logged by the kernel&#039;s packet filtering subsystem.
admod	The Module for Adways (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
admogo	An Adapter for Asterisk Desktop Manager and OpenGroupware
admpanel	Admpanel aims to be a complete solution for server services configuration, from http, ftp, smb and others. It consts of 2 components, a backend library wich contains code to work with configurations, and UI wich give the user a nice Interfce to work with
adms	Easy to use and easy to maintain Document Management System, designed specifically for use in an intranet environment.
admuc	A Decent MU* Client for Linux &amp; BSD systems. Eventually, I hope to match the features found in popular Windows MU* clients.
admunix	Admunix is a PHP written web page for unix systems administration. Once you log in you can manage you DNS Server , Apache Web Server, Sendmail and other unix servers and processes. Also it includes a script for building a back-up server.
admvt	For accountants using adding machines that produce tape. This software is a virtual machine that outputs 3- column pages of the entries input and totals. 2nd time input does verification producing auto error detection output.
adn	AdN is a web interface that manages a wireless community. AdN can handle new node requests and automatically asign them a valid IP range. AdN objective is to provide a set of tools to manage node related data like NodeManager does but in deeper detail
adnd2-frp-sys	This is my attempt to write a gaming system that would supply most of the features of the AD&amp;D 2 FRP-ing system. It is my itention to provide as much flexible system as I can.
adnforum	A PHP - MySQL forum system, with a lot of features like multiple language support, bad words, announces post, aditional page generation, adiadministration area, very nice layout
adns	TADNS is small, portable asynchronous DNS lookup library written in ANSI C. Works on Windows and UNIX. Extremely simple and clean API. The source code resides in single .c file.
adobe-source	The Adobe Source Libraries (ASL) are a collection of C++ libraries building foundation technology to allow the construction of commercial applications by assembling generic algorithms through declarative descriptions.
adobeopener	You&#039;ve got an image file (.psd) that can be opened in Photoshop, Premiere, Streamline or Illustrator. Windows only lets one program associate with each file type. So, use this to pick whatever program YOU want to use, not windows pick for you.
adodb	ADOdb is a PHP &amp; Python database class library to provide more powerful abstractions for performing queries and managing databases. ADOdb also hides the differences between the different databases so you can easily switch dbs without changing code.
adodb-mysql	Simplified ADODB interface library for MySQL on Mono/.NET. The library can be used to port MS ADODB project to an Mono environment.
adodbapi	Python module that makes it easy to use Microsoft ADO for connecting with databases and other data sources. 100% DB-API 2.0 compliant.
adodblite	A small, fast replacement for ADODB that uses 1/6th of the memory and upto 300% faster while being compatible with ADODB using a subset of the most often used ADODB commands.. Supports Frontbase, MaxDB, MiniSql, MSSQL, MySql, Postgres, SqLite and Sybase.
adodotnetsqlite	ADO.NET Data Provider for SQLite (This project is deceased, please refer to http://sourceforge.net/projects/sqlite-dotnet2)
adokul	Adokul is a new AI bot that integrates the power of XML on the Internet, and Evolving Algorithms to allow the bot to grow and learn.
adol	A Dark Age of Cemelot game emulator that has the exact structure and system as the Live servers, utilizing advanced Dawn of light coding, we offer all Live settings and classes with a full emulator Package.
adolpy	ADOL-Py is a python extension to the ADOL-C automatic differentiation library.
adon	Content Management System for a web site design and administration. User friendly web based interface with an integrated WYSIWYG editor. Main features: user profiling and authentication, newsletter, polls, webgallery, custom plugins supported.
adonetpack	The ADO.NET Utilities Project is meant to provide a number of features for the working developer to do thier work better, easier and faster.  Many of the features will be VS.NET add-ins to automate the process of dealing with ADO.NET.
adopt	This is an ado php tool useful for .net-clients on php-server-scripts. It will stay in a very alpha stadium for a long time for a good code base. Expect big changes in the beginning. This project will be written in php5.
adopytools	ADO pyTools is a very simple python module I&#039;ve written for use in my own projects.  It&#039;s primary purpose is to allow easy, function-based retrieval of information from ADO resultsets that result from querying MS Access databases.
adoratio	Provides real-time, random-access control of a kpresenter slide-show.  Also allows real-time creation of slides of song lyrics and Bible quotes.
adorb	Advanced CORBA/IIOP implementation with run-time IDL parsing, dynamic bindings and native IDL to Objective C mapping. Includes graphical tool to browse IDL definitions, to view Naming Service hierarchy and to invoke arbitrary CORBA remote operations.
adorno	Adorno is a simple music server designed to operate on a PC without keyboard or screen.  The server daemon accepts commands to control the queue of music to be played.  A comprehensive web interface is included, as well as a simple command-line client.
adp	Active Desktop Portal is a desktop background for Windows written in PHP
adpds	The ADP Database System aims to provide a secure, stable and easily manageable, local database solution, to users of the many UNIX-like operating systems readily available.
adpforum2	PHP - MySql scripts to improve a web site , forums , guestbook , polls...
adplug	AdPlug is a cross-platform OPL2 audio player library. AdPlug plays music, originally composed for the AdLib (OPL2) audio board, on top of an OPL2 emulator or by using the real hardware. There are multiple player software interfaces available.
adpsys	AlienDev Portal SYSTEM (ADPSYS) is a complete project of Internet portal system including a powerful forum, news system and other very powerful functionalities.\nThe systme uses the powerful PHP and MySQL languages (and other databases).
adqt	This is a GUI Database query tool.  It allows a user to request specific information with just a few clicks.  It has drill-down and print capabilities and requires no end-user knowledge of the underlying sql or database structure.
adr	A virtual reality (VR) system for the Internet based on a secure distributed object system.   ADR has been renamed and moved: please see new site &lt;a href=&quot;http://interreality.org&quot;&gt;interreality.org&lt;/a&gt;.
adr-support	This is the Advance Dungeons and Rabbits (phpBB based) project. This project is for means of making ADR avaiable to end users for use on their sites along with available third-party addons for this project.
adrem3d	Adrem 3D will be an efficient 3D engine written in C++ for current and next generation hardware platforms. The main usage is for games on PC and console platforms.
adremover	This project aims at &#039;removing ad from the web&#039; by dint of filtering advertisements (via the &#039;hosts&#039; file).
adressverwalt	einfache Adressverwaltung in Delphi mit MySQL-Datenbank
adria	Framework to develop web-enabled enterprise applications with PHP5. Includes services for manage users with different autorization levels, customers, suppliers projects, and PDF or CSV reports. The API is oriented for the easy programing of new modules
adriangame	This is  a 3D role playing game, developed using SDL and OpenGL.
adrorpg	A small, extensible, text-based RPG for use via IRC.
adrotator	Small java based ads management system.
adsapient	AdSapient Banner Manager is open source highly customizable ad server software with a rich feature set and robust performance. AdSapient Ad Network is an ad management solution developed especially for online advertising agencies and large networks of si
adscfif1217	This is the most up-to-date game scanner for multiplayer sessions of the long-discontinued Airfix Dogfighter. Some features include program &#039;autoupdate&#039;, scanning servers (of course!), and very good integration with AirfixDogfighter.co.uk
adscheck	ADSCheck is a security tool for Windows NT4, 2000, XP &amp; Server 2003 that checks systems for the presence of NTFS Alternate Data Streams (ADS), extracts and/or delete them, and generates a database-friendly unicode report.
adscript	Automatic deployment script servers just one purpose, to upload files to demo FTP server during development of web projects. you use SVN, and want a way to upload files automatically when you commit to repository then ADS is for you.
adsense	Adsense Simple - windows software that helps you monitore your google adsense account, track information instantly, show graphs, everything is done with a few mouse clicks, you don&#039;t need everytime to enter username and password on adsense page.
adsense-asp-net	AdSenseASP.NET - free ASP.NET server controls for Google AdSense. Freeware library contains AdSense AdUnit, AdSense LinkUnit, AdSense ReferralUnit webcontrols with configuration from web.config and support design &amp; test mode in Visual Studio.
adsenseportlet	Google Adsense portlet
adsl	Detailed description to get ADSL with dial on demand feature running with German ISP www.t-online.de T-DSL product.
adsl-dns	This is a collection of embedded Linux tools chain for Windows environment. Now you can develop your embedded Linux target using a Windows machine. All tools are compiled using cygwin.
adslconf	ADSLConf is intended as a very easy GUI to configure an ADSL SOHO router with a set of predefined parameters to let the user immediately be online, without having to dive into a complicated configuration.
adslconnector	ADSL Dialup Network Dialler. ADSL Connector will run as a windows service, it will monitor your dialled connection, and reconnect, or disconnect and then reconnect, if it detects that the network is disconnected, or has become unusable.
adsld	Delphi library of standard containers for keeping ordinal and structured datatypes.
adsllog2web	If using ADSL one is getting various log entries in the standard Linux systems message file. Goal is to extract this information to a HTML-Web Site using Perl-Libs. Details - see on our homepage. http://adsllog2web.sourceforge.net
adslshare	This project is now dead...
adsltimer	ADSL Timer can recode the online time,help you get detail time log for adsl.And it&#039;s build by JAVA,so it can be running on all OS if you have J2SE5.0 .
adsm	The purpose of this project is to make public tools to leverage the advanced design capabilities of Cadence in our micro-electrical-mechanical systems (MEMS) designs.
adsmessenger	A .NET Framework-based client for the .NET Messenger Service (commonly known as the MSN Messenger network), along with a .NET Messenger Service library for use in other apps.
adsmtape	This is and old program written in C to read from ADSM tapes without needing the database. This code has been used on AIX machines, but may work on others.  No guarantees.  It does need some tweeking to get working for NT backed up tapes.  This was used
adspanel	Ads Panel developed in language using Active Server Pages (ASP) making use of CDONTS &amp; giving out all statistics required for developing an effective ads webserver.
adsplacementsys	An advertisement placement system where user can submit ads and be available to the public for viewing.
adsproject	A program which implements Absolutely Dynamic Systems, a proposed mechanism for Artificial Consciousness.
adssoft	AdsSoft is an open source ad server, with an integrated banner management interface and tracking system for getting statistics. AdsSoft can easily rotate paid banners, your own advertisements and third party advertising companies.
adstreamer	This system allows for thousands of banners to be placed on hundreds of web sites in one complete enviornment. Reports and statistics can be easily generated for both impressions and clicks per day, month, banner, category, and hourly timeline.
adsystem	Audio Devlopment System (ADS) is a multi track audio/midi recording/playback program written in the Java(c) Programming Language. Reqiures Java VM 1.5 or higher.  http://java.sun.com/getjava/index.html
adtalgorlibrary	This project provides a library of standard data types (lists, trees, graphs, semaphores, locks, points, vectors, matrices, shapes, etc.) and standard algorithms (sorting, depth first search, shortest path problem etc.)
adtl	ADTL or Audio Data Transfer Library provides a light library that allows developers to transfer binary data over a sound card.  This library is intended for low-bandwidth radio transmission for use in autonomous or r/c related applications.
adtool	adtool is a unix command line utility for Active Directory administration. Features include user and group creation, deletion, modification, password setting and directory query and search capabilities.
adtoolkit	The project develops an introduction to Adaptive Dynamics (GFDL) and an associated Mathematica package (GPL) for generating pairwise invasibility and trait evolution plots.
adtools	An effort to unify the development of patches to binutils, gdb, and GCC to support all kind of AmigaOS target platforms. One main target is to achieve an integration of the AmigaOS relevant changes to the official development projects of binutils&amp;fri
adtpro	Apple Disk Transfer ProDOS (ADTPro) transfers classic 8-bit Apple disk images over a serial, ethernet or audio link to a more modern computer. Based on the seminal ADT, ADTPro can transfer any ProDOS-visible volume.
adts	AJAX driven Template System is a modular and fast Template-System used for interactive Webapplications
adulator	Adulator will be a java servlet beacon and ad server. It&#039;s intended to offer a basic framework that will allow easy extension points and ad serving heuristics.
adultframework	Adult Framework for adult web sites. Includes thumbnail gallery post management, fake thumbnail gallery post management, movie gallery post management, pay site management, gallery auto submitter and adult board tracker. Multi projects and sites allowed.
adum	account synchronization between any TCP/IP enabled OS and Windows Domains (Win32)
adump	Seeks to be a complete backup suite for computers.
aduna-build	aduna-build is the predecessor of Antmod, a modular Ant-based build system, using release descriptors. It is based on the build system originally developed at Aduna. See http://www.antmod.org/
adurant	This C# library for .NET provides several Java features currently unsupported by .NET, such as property files.
adv-file-split	Split any file on hexadecimal markers.
adv-net-forums	The Common-Forum is a new mass deliberation technology that aims to amalgamate varied online forum, mailing list and news systems.  The technology is based on a collaborative database of links that specify relationships between articles.
adv-random-gen	This project will consist of a number of advanced random generators, most probably all written in php, that can be hosted on http servers. An example of this is &quot;Mafia Scum Tools&quot;, which randomly allocates a title to a name (useful for forum RP
adv-sitesys	Advanced Site System is a Very Easy WebSystem(c) that can do lots of work for you, it has a login system, menu edit system and it uses AJAX. You only have to create pages(php,html) upload them and add them to the menu.
adv-uploads	an advanced php uploading script with MANY advanced features. including: registration, upload, manage uploads with folder and upload management, ...and MUCH MUCH more!!!
adv-warfare	The OpenCombat project is an attempt to write a clone of the popular Close Combat series of warfare simulation games.
advance	Advance is an open source personal information management (PIM) system which is database-backed, cross-platform and includes support for KDE.
advanced-dnd	Advanced Dungeons &amp; Dragons Script is a simple set of progs to play at AD&amp;D
advanced-remote	This project has renamed to NHost, http://nhost.sourceforge.net
advancedbb2002	This BB system can be installed onto different boards such as YaBB SE, phpBB, etc.  For different systems it uses different languages, such as Php for a php based board,  Perl for a perl based board.
advancedfix	The J2EE Clearing System (JCS) is a comprehensive software platform for processing trades in a broad range of instruments including securities, derivatives, and commodities.
advancedgenesis	Advanced Genesis3D is the engine used by the Tsudashi project. This is a rebuild of The Premiere Open Source 3D Real-Time Rendering Engine: Genesis3D. The aim is to fix bugs and to add new features.
advancedhub	Project&#039;s task is to make a set of YnHub (Direct Connect server) bots or scripts for scripting bots to provide higher filesharing quality.Needed skills: bot or script for scripting bots programming for YnHub, web scripting, DCDM++ scripting,C++(DC m
advancedos	AVOS is an advanced Real-Time 32-bit operating system that will work in any 80386 &amp; above architecture pc&#039;s. AVOS employs a message passing scheme. The project has two main parts - The booting phase and kernel development. It is written in C and
advancedresman	AREMA is a database for Windows NT. It provides high performance, structured code, a simple but mighty interface and self-optimizing data.It was written in MS VB6, but has been ported to C++. You can compile with MS VC++6 and gcc.
advancedvbrefs	Visual Basic 6 add-in to replace the functionality of the standard Project References Dialog
advantagedialer	CallVantage Dialer for MS Outlook
advas	A python module that provides algorithms for advanced search - basically all you need to build a search engine.
advcalc	An advanced calculator program that supports programming/scripting, a variety of mathematical functions, and a graphing utility.
advcgiproxy	Advanced CGI-Proxy is a web-based Proxy. It will be similar to The Anonymizer.
advchat	AdvChat is a simple chat program written in Delphi 6. It is the best server-client solution for intranet/internet chatting. Suports rooms, private chatting and many more features will be included.
advchk	Advisory Check is a tool for monitoring the security of installed software.\nIt gathers security advisories using RSS/RDF/XML feeds, compares them against a list of known software, and alerts you if you&#039;re vulnerable.\n\nLet advchk read advisories for 
advend	advend (Adventures End) is an open source text-based Role Playing Game set in the fantasy world of Rhedian, and based on the d20 dice mechanics.
adveng	A XML-based point-and-click game engine written in Java. Games can supply their own Java classes.
adventbrowser	Advent Browser is a revolutionary new web browser, however it is more than just that. It includes a event planner, calender, a media player, games, ftp uploader, and much more. The revolution has begun.
adventengine	This is a text adventure engine, based on the Fighting fantasy games. It takes a number of files, names 1,2,3 and so on (with .txt extensions) and can run active content in the files.There is currently only one game available, and it isnt fully done yet.
adventonline	a fun,easy to use Role playing community.
adventure3d	Translate your roleplaying adventure dungeons from pen&amp;paper into 3D models and generate videos from a flight over your model dungeon or even through the rooms. Contains lots of objects (animated fireball, chest, rooms...), and camera path helpers...
adventuredev	Adventure Develop would be a free and open alternative to AdventureMaker, providing an user-friendly interface and a complete environment for develop point&amp;click game using the Christian Walther&#039;s PIPMAK game engine.
adventurerpg	An exciting new roguelike in development by the critically acclaimed Dark_Oppressor!
adventures	Ever miss the days of Zelda? Ever thought about playing games like Zelda and Final Fantasy in multiplayer mode, cooperatively even? Ever wanted to make your own map, your own adventure, draw your own character? This is what we&#039;re trying to let you d
advf	An open format for interactive digital video content description. Not only movies, but nearly any multi-media content requiring interactivity.
advfix01	RiskDataFlow WorkBench identifies Enterprise Value At Risk (EVAR) and Enterprise Return on Investment (EROI) for bankers or any investor with a significant capital investment, from the central banker to the day trader.
advgame	It is a adventure game in Java. Working on making it 2 dimensional and adding weapons and stuff. Currently a very, early alpha
advids	AdvIDS - Host Based Intrusion Detection System designed for Windows NT Platform. AdvIDS will detect any attempt to compromise system security.
advio	This is a module for Python that basically wraps the curses module and makes I/O functions much easier - the adv_io class allows for terminal style input (command history, left/right/home/end functionality) and output.
advisare	Advisare (which is latin for &quot;advise&quot; that is to give advice to or to counsel) is the visible portion of research work being done in semantic linking of web users to build virtual communities.
advisor	Advisor aims to be a comprehensive and widely available, free vulnerability database and management system.
advm	adVM aims to provide a flexible, totally customizable engine for creating adventure games. It is written in C++ and uses python as the scripting language.
advmidlet	This is an abstract class for MIDlet. It has contained some basic features and advanced functionalities. Users can extend them to enchance your MIDlet.
advpy	Collection of small Python modules
advse	A generic Adventure Game Engine
advseeker	ADV Seeker detects inadmissible advertisement in selected IRC network. At present day You can use it with eggdrops/windrops and/or mirc.
advwebfuzzer	a powerfull extensible and modular multiplataform tool to research security bugs in http pages automatically.
adware-pillory	Simple tool to detect and delete the most common adwares/spywares.
adwin	Unix/Linux administration tools, control panel for samba, pureftp, hylafax etc..
adx-project	ADX is an XML schema for the representation of software architectural descriptions. The ADX project also includes supporting tools. ADX is designed to support the creation, generation, and transformation of documents conforming to the IEEE 1471 standard.
adxen	AdXen is a graphical tool for administration of virtualized architectures that uses the virtual machine monitor Xen.
adxl202	Interface to the adxl202-series of acceleration-sensors, including a visualization written in OpenGL.
adyne	Adyne is an advanced Blog system with Oriented Object Programming mode using PHP5 and MySQL as its data base to get information. It is very easy to make new designs using XHTML and CSS.
adytum	The Adytum project consists of a collection of open source projects developed by AdytumSolutions for the purpose of administrating everything from networks of workstations to enterprise servers and the software running on them.
adzapper	The adzapper squid redirection script uses a list of patterns to zap annoying advertisement banners from Web pages, inserting a placeholder image. This has both aesthetic and bandwidth benefits.
adze-db	The Adept Library contains a lightweight Java Object database for stand-alone applications. It is designed for simplicity of use, exposing a simple DTO - no need for copy logic or complex serialisation techniques. It is also a powerful general library.
ae-rpg-o	Adaptive Environment RPG Online is an attempt at creating a highly compressed open source 3D multi-platform online game written in Java using LWJGL.
aeater	PURPOSE: reporting, content-management. easy to use GUI-frontend for the popluar java build-tool &#039;ANT&#039;. looks like a &#039;wizard&#039;. additional ant-taskdefs for processing SQL(JDBC)-&gt;XML-&gt;XSLT-&gt;HTML. &#039;sql2xml&#039; allowes nes
aeclients	These application use the location-aware and GPS-repository interfaces of AnnotatedEarth.com.   AnnotatedEarth.com provides a architecture to enable location-aware technology, for finding interesting locations around a user.
aecp	A web-based AJAX education and communication platform for schools including exam functions, calendar, messaging system, instance management and much more. The whole platform is completely extensible and easy to use with an user-friendly user interface.
aed	Extensive tty rpg featuring a fully influencable world for highly addictive gaming experience.
aededs	AED ? (Arash&#039;s Encryption/Decryption) is a perfect software for encrypting/decrypting any kind of files using a &quot;Password&quot; (which is optional and you can enter an space in the password field.) and a &quot;Digital Key&quot; which is a neces
aedgui	A cross-platform C++ Graphics User Interface library to be used with Simple DirectMedia Layer (SDL).
aedificator	Aedificator (latin for architect) which utilises XML/XSLT to output J2ee compliant web sites
aedii2001	AED2 Project 2001 is an academic project developed at the Faculdade de Ciencias e Tecnologia da Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Portugal. It intends to offer a family database about journeys to foreign countries.
aedo	Aedo is a Content Management System designed for clans&#039; websites. It includes a number of useful features such as guest book, forum, news system, players manager, clanwars administration, calendar and many more.
aeengine	AE Engine is a free 3D Engine. It runs in Linux and Windows and uses OpenGL or DirectX for graphics rendering and SDL or DirectX to communicate with the operating system. Its main goal is to be fast, flexible and easy to use.
aeg	EU-funded R&amp;D project that aims to develop and validate a platform for composition of government services into complex process definitions (covering life events/business episodes) enabling semantic interoperability of particular e-Government services
aegis	Aegis is a transaction-based software configuration management system. It provides a framework within which a team of developers may work on many changes to a program independently, and Aegis coordinates integrating these changes back into the master sou
aegischip	The AEGIS System performs automated, real-time surveillance for bioterrorism and naturally occurring outbreaks. It is the syndromic surveillance system for the Massachusetts Department of Public Health, enabling real time population health monitoring.
aegisub	An advanced, intuitive and powerful editor for subtitles in the Advanced Substation Alpha format.
aegiswm	Aegis is a language agnostic scriptable X window manager.
aegiswsf	A collection of PHP5 classes to encapsulate SOAP servers (currently only ext/soap is supported) and provide means to automatically generate a document/literal WSDL and a webservice description webpage (similar to ASP.NET)
aei	Simplifies installation of eggdrops through a Tcl shell script.  After configure, make, make config, make install the eggdrop.advanced.conf is then put through the standard output pipe to let the user configure his script though a simple process.
aeiou	AEIOU (An Electronic IOU) is a web application for creating local commodity currencies based on electronic IOU tickets.
aejaks	Aejaks combines the server-side Ajax windowing system Echo2 with the powerful simplicity of the Tcl langauge. The result is a rich development environment in which to develop Ajax-based web applications, often with much less code to write.
aelscriptlib	A library of useful macros for use in AEL v2 language dialplans for the Asterisk VoIP server.
aem	AEM implements a native support for asynchronous events in the Linux kernel. Its aim is to bring carrier-grade characteristics to Linux: scalability and soft real-time responsiveness.
aenea	The Aenea is planned to be a base system for easy publishing, originally to be the core of an online game.
aeneas	Aeneas is a hybrid monolithic/microkernel designed to take full advantage of new technology without being weighed down by legacy compatibility code.
aeon-star	Aeon Star is an open source Linux / *NIX port of the game, Aeon Legend.
aeongdk	Aeon is a totally cross-platform game development kit coded in and designed for C++. Aeon includes engines for 3D/2D graphics, audio, input, GUI, and much more, as well as several useful tools, all designed to make game creation easier and more practical
aep	The ASP Extension Package (AEP) provides class-extendibility to ASP 3.0 applications similar to import or include statements provided in other languages. It provides an easy means to logically store and re-use classes, objects, or other scripts.
aepgb	A Nintendo Gameboy (Color) Emulator written in Java.
aepodcasting	AEPodcasting: Amazingly Easy Podcasting is a single php file that reads the contents of a given folder on the webserver and the output generated is details of all the mp3s using their ID3 tags in an iTunes compatible xml/feed, i.e. put this file in your
aepps	This module adds support for the Extensible Provisioning Protocol &quot;EPP&quot; to an Apache 2 server. An full EPP server can thus be implemented as CGI scripts with the Apache 2 request framework.
aepro	aepro is a dependency maintenance tool for progres4gl. It is intended to be used in conjuction with aegis (aegis.sourceforge.net), a source code configuration tool. It (re)compiles progres4GL programs whose sourcecode has changed.
aeputil	Disparate set of java utility functions used in numerous Aepryus projects.  Includes a math package with vector objects and function parsers.  A utility package contains loggers, a handy profiler and assorted helper methods for String and Date classes.
aerfm	This aplication is dedicated to manage the filesystem of a webserver via web interface. It is a PHP/AJAX based application, it works only with Firefox 1.5. ---- 09.08.2006: some bugs fixed, see version 1.1
aerialchat	Aerial Chat a Powerful chat in php/MySQL.ldap auth available.Easy install, no flicker, kick, ban, iptracer,encrypt pwd,toplists,DHTML layers,unlimited channels ,private msg, spy mode,telescriptor,images,links,easy smiley mgmt,Jail mode,mp3,graphics effec
aerialdeath	Aerial Death put you on the skin of John Hellborn, a xpert pilot of the American army that is testing prototipes. One of the prototipes, has been stolen, and you need to recover it.
aerials-vs-xcom	Remake of the &quot;UFO: Enemy unknown&quot; game
aeris3d	Aeris3D is a framework for 3-D computer graphics. It is a cross-platform (Windows, XBOX, Linux) and a cross-renderer (DirectX, OpenGL) library targeting both 3-D computer graphics demos and students that wish to learn computer graphics programming.
aerisos	Aerisos - none description
aero	Aerobuzz is a turn-based game based on Aerobiz and Aerobiz SuperSonic from KOEI on Super-Nintendo. You will be the CEO of a airliner company and you will have to create link between city, buy business, buy part (and take control of competitors)
aero2d	Aero2D is a single-player 2-dimensional RPG engine being developed to a game called Chronicles of Time. Its developed by Red Twilight Game Studios (www.redtwilight.com.br), and will allow end-users to create their own mods.
aeroastro	Coding convenient Aero &amp; Astro functions into one easy to use package. From rocket engine design, to flight and space dynamics.
aerochat	AeroChat is a open-source free chat program that runs smooth on all Windows Operating systems. Now you can safely sit back, and chat with your friends, old-school IRC style.
aerofox	aeroFox-Transparent web browser for windows.An open source project over internet explorer.A fast and light browser.Created by Vivek Narayanan
aerogamelib	Aero Game Library in an in-developement library and framework for quickly making 2D games. It acts as a OO wrapper for SDL and soon OpenGL (for faster rendering).
aeromation	Aeromation offers a powerful and easy to use airline automation system to streamline websites. You can easily install and maintain the system for everyday needs. It&#039;s flexible, functional and essiential for any VA looking to getting this going.
aeromys	Aeromys is a webmail application designed for extremely fast access to email through the web.  It accomplishes this goal by using predictive caching, meaning that information is retrieved from the mail server before it is requested by the user.
aerorpg	This is a text-based game that uses PHP and MySQL to run.  Players will be able to make a charactor for themselves, and will fight monsters and players alike in a struggle to become the best in the world.
aerosync	A unified synchronization platform for your media devices. Synchronize your iPod, Zen player, and many other devices by maintaining not only a library and playlists but per-device music profiles.
aerosys	Airport Information System
aerp	This bussiness-suite will provide an Open Source alternative ERP using PHP and other OS-software-tools.
aerth	The end is nigh! A Role-Playing game that incorporates into a bulletin-board system written in PHP and Java. Advanced money and graphical systems incorporated in and out of the interactive experience make this a very fun and involving game.
aerth-mud	The aerth-mud project is designed around a need for a better multi-user dimension/dungeon (mud).  Please telnet aerth.gotdns.com port 7777  to view a live demo.  If you have any ideas, please visit the feature request area.
aeruirc	Aeru IRC is IRC Client for the .NET Framework. It made with C# programming language and features a full Graphical Interface. Aeru IRC uses XML to store servers and channels and app settings. The GUI uses the power of .NET.
aeryn	Aeryn is a C++ testing framework. Although it is primarily intended for unit testing, Aeryn is adaptable enough to handle integration testing and can be adapted for most other forms of C++ testing.
aes	A simple implementation of AES (Advanced Encryption Standard).
aes4kusbdriver	It is a Non-official linux USB driver for the AUTHENTEC AES4000 fingerprint sensor. Written in C.
aescript	A.E. Script is a JavaScript/XML based engine to create textadventures playable in browsers like &#039;IE&#039; or &#039;Firefox&#039;. Through XML any compliant document can be an own story to play!
aescrypt	Small stream encryption program for Unix
aesg	AES.g is a port of the Advanced Encryption Standard (or Rijndael) to the GPU using a mix of C++ and Cg programming languages.  It is portable and built as a class-based program, using OpenGL or DirectX libraries.
aesir	The Aesir project is an open source framework for Massively Multiplayer Online game servers developed using the Microsoft .NET platform in C#, and in essence a rewrite of the current Athena project.
aeslib	This project will provide a library for using the AES round 3 cipher candidates (Mars, RC6, Rijndael, Serpent, and Twofish) in an easy to use API. Support for MD5, SHA.
aesop-embedded	An Entertainment Solution On a Platform (AESOP) is a completely Open Source based graphical user environment and suite of applications for PDAs and other devices running Linux. It is included in various embedded Linux distributions such as OpenZaurus, Fa
aestivate	A PHP5 library providing an easy way to store commonly used data structures in a relational database.
aet	ae is an interpreted/portable programming language based on Lisp and Forth. It uses many features of both these languages, such as postfix notation, lists, and stacks. ae is procedural and highly reflective.
aeternagui	A powerful test editor for aeterna.ru online testing site.
aeternity	Arcane Eternity is an open-source roleplaying game. It will be written in C/C++ using an object oriented framework. It will use the following libraries: OGRE, OpenAL, ODE, CEGUI, Xerces, SDL, HawkNL. The game will run on Windows, MacOS, and Linux/X11.
aether	Æther is a powerful and extensible tool to manage and use your mobile phone from a computer.
aethera	Aethera is an advanced email, pim, messaging and groupware system for Linux, Windows and Mac OS X.  It is built as a development platform supporting both closed and open source application plug ins.  Currently we have Jabber, Whiteboarding and VoIP
aetherion	The aim of the Aetherion project is to develop a MMORPG game. Please see &lt;A HREF=&quot;http://aetherion.sf.net/forum/index.php&quot;&gt;the forum&lt;/A&gt; for more information
aetos	Aetos is the most aesthetically correct IRC bot ever. It is a creation of a seriously overfeatured IRC Bot with (God beware) dynamic module support written in C. There are endless possibilities with this IRC automaton.
aevolution	An arcade-style racing game, in the style of the old Rollcage series of games. Fast, gravity-defying cars, fancy weapons, large, mindbending tracks and the inability to stop playing are what we&#039;re aiming for.
aewan	Aewan is a multi-layered ascii-art/animation editor that produces both stand-alone cat-able art files and an easy-to-parse format for integration in your terminal applications.
aexdev	Software and test suites for AEX (Automating Equipment Information Exchange), a set of XML schemas supporting capital facility equipment engineering, procurement, construction, and operations and maintenance work processes.
aexplorer	File and zip manager cross-platform. Directories synchronizer (3 modes). Cd Burner assistant. Html generator.
af-ring	af_ring is an internet based community program.  It connects clients together in a full blown environment so that they can chat, email, transfer files, and customize everything.
afa-scumm	AfA-Scumm is the 2D adventure engine powering AmberfishArts, a community for enthusiasts of classic adventure games as well as a hub for high-quality fan projects. Coded in C++, AfA-Scumm is both very portable and feature rich.
afames	Afames allows web developers to synchronize their projects on their development server with their production server(s). It lets you update scripts, database structure, HTML files, images, etc. without compromizing live data on the produ
afbackup	afbackup is a client-server backup system allowing many workstations to backup to a central server (simultaneously or serially). Backups can be started remotely from the server or via cron jobs on the the clients.
afbackup-doc	afbackup is an excellent backup software with features not available in other popular backup systems. This project will build and provide quality documentation for afbackup, so that many more users will be able to reap the benefits of afbackup.
afbackup-webmin	This is a module for webmin to configure and maintain the client-server backup software afbackup.
afcm	inactive
afcms	AFootballCMS is an content management system for football news, football results, roster etc. to include this type of content in your own footballteam&#039;s website.
afcommerce	AFCommerce is a full and complete online store with both a storefront and administration area, which can be easily installed, configured, and maintained over a web-based interface.
afd	Alexf Dialer, dial-up dialer for Windows.
afe	Asynchronous Function Execution (AFE). The AFE library will be proposed for inclusion among Boost libraries (www.boost.org).
afeed	AFeed short for Any Feed aims to provide a lightweight mechanism that is easily extensible for providing Feed support to a .Net app.  By providing a simple interface you can extend it will allow easy integration into any existing application.
affeleva	Communication helping application for sclerosis multiplex, muscular dystrophy or similar affected people. Provides visual keyboard driven by single mouse click.
affelioproject	Affelio is open-source social networking software / architecture. It has following features: (1)distributed architecture (2)Internet-wide scalability, (3)Extensivity with opened Affelio API for developers, and (4)high custamizability with skins/templates
affiliate	Affilit is a php&amp;mySQL affiliate Network System program. It is great for use with owners of multiple websites
affiliatetrends	Affiliate Trends is a comprehensive formerly Commercial proprietary project that I and my Partner personally developed over a period of 3 years. Includes the web tracking and sales tracking, account administration of affiliates.
affiliatewv	An affiliate module for Xoops. Allows you to set affiloiate system with many data checking facilities ie visitors, sales etc
affinityhtml	A simple editor for HTML, XML, PHP, and CSS documents which can provide a preview of your file and various other helpful features.
affinityos	Affnity is a hobby operating system, to help it&#039;s developer(s) understand the concepts of operating systems development and low level programming in C, C++, assembly.
affix	Affix - The most powerfull Bluetooth protocol stack for Linux. Affix offers support for wide range of Bluetooth devices of PCMCIA, USB and serial type. Includes powerfull command line utilites, OBEX support, personal access point and SDP server.
afflib	Advanced Forensics Format (AFF) is an extensible open format for the storage of disk images and related forensic metadata. It was developed by Simson Garfinkel and Basis Technology Corp.
affmarket	&quot;Affiliate Market&quot; from Indonesia by Arif Hidayat. A web store with affiliate system in PHP side-server language and MySql database, it&#039;s originally form simple open source (post affiliate) that re-concept and many additional feature.
affogato	Affogato is a plugin for Avid&#039;s Softimage XSI 3D animation package. It links XSI with high-end 3D renderers. It allows a great level of customization to fit into contemporary VFX pipelines. Currently Affogato only supports RenderMan-compliant render
affs	We are currently developing an advanced flash file system (AFFS) that supports both NOR- and NAND-type flash memory. Its design goal includes fast mount time, small in-memory data, efficient garbage collection, and efficient flash space management.
affy	Affymetrix GeneChip Operating Software (GCOS) is used to control Affymetrix Microarray scanners and fluidic stations.  Using the DCOM API, this project provides programmatic scripting of GCOS using Python.
afg100	The aim of this project is to control the Grundig Arbitrary Function Generator AFG 100 / AFG100 via the COM1 port.
afhcontrolpanel	AFH Control Panel is a portable control panel for the Windows OS. Works from CD, DVD, Thumb Drive, desktop, etc.
afi	AFI (Administrador Financiero de Iglesias) va a ser un programa para administrar las finanzas de una institucion.  Este va a estar basado en los principios de contabilidad profesional para asegurar que todas las cuentas sean balanceadas.
afid	Application to display, as well as interpret, firewall information from a database to serve a variety of users needs. The application is online and cross-platform, written using PHP.
afight	Afight is a fun side scrolling shooter, that will be developed and designed much like R-type. It will not be an easy game, but it will be worth playing to the end.  There will be many different enemies and weapons.  Currently under heavy development.
afinder	Antique Finder - open source Finder clone based on Finder 1.1g
afjp2-compiler	Enthusiastic student project of compiler for course &quot;Automata, Formal Languages, and Compiler Design II&quot; on University of Zagreb Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing. Automati, formalni jezici i jezicni procesori 2
afkap	afkap (As Few Keys As Posible) is a set of ksh aliases and functions to realize\na set of shortcuts to heavily used unix commands.  The goal is single letter\nshortcuts to combat the onset of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome.
afkcfg	4fkCfg is a generic Lib, that provides tools for simple configuration of JAVA projects. XML-based definitions lead to typesafe methods, allowing the developer to focus on more important stuff than Config Files.
aflegend	The &lt;Archer Fire: Legend&gt; Project has the goal of developing a simple and fun space strategy game, with multiplayer capabilities and flexible design, allowing players to create their own lives in a virtual world.
aflog	Folder based flog with file based security, users and groups, cache implementation that boosts output, breadcrumbs and thumb navigation with thumb auto-creation. \nJust create folders and copy images you want to share, aflog does the rest.
afm	This project creates an open-source MTS (Message Transport Service) based based on FIPA (www.fipa.org) document SC00084. The goal is to develop a set of Java classes that allow existing Multi-Agent System developers to use FIPA infrastructure compone
afm2	?PLZ VOTE? This script is for: - Browsing files on your server - Upload files to your server - Play media files on the server - create, move, delete multiple files and directory&#039;s - opening/downloading files - check the disk size - check the free di
afnl	A FOTRAN 90 Numerical library (AFNL) is a set of MODULES containing definitions of Fourier series and polynomials, and able to perform linear (multi-)dimensional fittings, integrals, sorting data, compute roots of functions, and other numerical tasks.
aforms	An object oriented library that uses PHP4 sessions, implements automated table operations, authentication, object-level permissions by group and, last but not least, automated forms handling.
aforum	aForum is a Message Board coded in PHP, that is PHP 4 compatible and maybe PHP 5 compatible when PHP 5 really starts showing up in the masses.
afoto	Galeria de fotos, audio y video pequeña, potente y rapida. Realiza miniaturas y cambios de tamaño de imagen sobre la marcha. Crea estadisticas, no necesita BBDD y soporta skins. (Small and powerfull PHP based photo gallery with audio and video support)
afp	The Archive of Formal Proofs is a collection of proof libraries, examples, and larger scientifc developments, mechanically checked in the theorem prover Isabelle. It is organized in the way of a scientific journal. Submissions are refereed.
afp-renderer	An AFP Renderer for the Apache FOP project that renders formatted objects to AFP or (MO:DCA). Documents generated in the MO:DCA format are primarily used for large scale commercial printing.
afpc	Fitness Plan Creator
afpfontviewer	This project is intended for viewing the ibm fonts. IBM-FOCA is the specification for this fonts.
afpfs-ng	afpfs-ng is an Apple Filing Protocol client that will allow a Linux system to see files exported from a Mac OS system with AFP over TCP.
afphpclasslib	Collection of various PHP classes (Database abstraction, Authorization support, Client Browser information detector, Code Page convertor, CSS generator, Date class, Incoming variable securing, Gettext support)
afr	Automated File Retrieval (AFR) is a plugin for X-Chat written in C. AFR is a queue-based file retrieval utility that can download files from many different types of file servers on IRC.
afr-bd	This system is capable of extracting handwritten characters and recognizing the handwritten-digits from the pre-printed application form from a well-designed machine-readable form.
afri	Afri is a ActionScript 3 library project to simplify development for people who want to program with a focus on design elements and generative aspects.
afrikaans	The goal of this project is to provide localization (L10N) for the Afrikaans language. Initial projects will include the Mozilla browser and the Gnome Desktop.
afront	Afront is a tool for meshing and remeshing surfaces. The main application of Afront is the generation of high-quality meshes from a variety of surface descriptions, from triangle meshes themselves (remeshing) to implicit surfaces to point set surfaces.
afs	Easy to use, automated (little administration), file sharing community, which you run!
afshttpbrowser	A of scripts to allow browsing of files and directories hosted on an AFS volume via HTTP from a web browser. User authentication an security is integrated with AFS user credentials and permissions.
afsinstaller	Fast, configurable installer for openafs servers and clients.
afslfs	The AFS Booklet outlines the steps of how to automate your Linux From Scratch (LFS) build. It creates a BASH script that builds a LFS system. The script follows each step of the LFS build process and uses the same commands as in the LFS Book.
afsmanager	AFS Manager is a GUI tool to administer OpenAFS cells on many OS (manage users, groups, ACLs, volumes, partitions, backups...)
afstcdb	The purpose of this project is to design multiple graphical user interfaces to interact with any implementation of tcdb. A server will be constructed to talk to the database with the clients communicating only with the server.
aft	Anteater is an Ant-based functional testing framework for Web applications and Web services.
aftech	AF-Tech es un juego 2D, basado en el código del Argentum Online, pero ambientado en una guerra interplanetaria, similar al ogame (Juego Web Based) pero en 2D.
aften	A/52 audio encoder. Creates stereo and multi-channel audio streams.
aftensolkongen	A small, portable, feature-packed, self-contained, drawing/pixling program for the use of demosceners, game developers and web designers.
after	AFTER is intended to deliver a configurable testing engine built on top of Ruby. This engine will provides the core functionality to facilitate auitomated functional testing for a user interface.
afterburner	A specialized stripped down Super High performance web server designed to function as a co-server for high volume static content. It uses a Single process, single threaded design where Data is preloaded into RAM first. Logs are binary (5 bytes per hit).
afterglow	AfterGlow is a collection of scripts which facilitate the process of generating event graphs and treemaps. AfterGlow 1.x is written in Perl and generates output that can be read by GraphViz or LGL, whereas AfterGlow 2.0 is written in Java and visualizes
aftermath	A 3D fighting tournament game using the RenderWare API, including a free-flowing environment along with an intricate combo system, coupled with intense weapon combat and realistic physics.
aftermath-wars	Aftermath Wars is an easily modded space combat engine that simulates Star Control 2 style melee combat.
aftermathmud	Aftermath MUD is an upcoming MUD based on nuclear war driven climate change.  It is DGD based.
aftermathrpg	Aftermath is a rogue-like game set in the future after a nuclear war.
aftermaze	The next step in RPG development: more interaction possibilities with your environment, an ever changing world, the players can start own campaigns and every player experiences the world in a different way. Set in a near future world enriched with fantas
afternetdotorg	AfterNET.Org Website Development.
afternowmud	A flexible and extensible mud code base, in c#. It will feature multiple internal daemons each set to handle different tasks, such as AI or the worldmap. Communication to this mud may either through an end user client or telnet.
aftershock	Aftershock is an open source Gopher server, developed using Java 1.4.  It features configurability, security, performance, and cross-platform support.
afterstep	AfterStep is a window manager for the Unix X Window System. Originally based on the look and feel  of  the NeXTStep interface, it has evolved into its own creature with interest expressed by GNUstep, to make AfterStep  the window manager of choice for X.
aftertex	A flexible full-featured frontend for teTex under Mac OSX.
aftertheauction	This project so far is a mailer that sends confirmation notices to winners of eBay auctions.  It is coded in Perl using POE so that it can send out messages on time even when multiple auctions close at the same time.  The plan is to make it a comprehensi
afterthought	Afterthought is a tool to augment existing javadoc-generated documentation. It is meant to be used by the actual *users* of an API, to detail its usage, to add comments, examples and links.
aftertime	Aftertime is a Java-based forensic application for extracting, storing, querying and viewing timestamps and related information.
aftokinito	Java platform game that incorporates a 2d physics engine to bring a sense of realism. You control a vehicle that must navigate it way through multiple levels. A level designer will also allow you to contruct your own levels.
aftp	aftp is an FTP library and an FTP tool. The aftp tool is a good example on how to use the library. You need FTP functionality in your software? Use the aftp library! Now also atelnet(d), a client and server telnet between MS-Windows (server) and Linux.
afunct-ta0kira	C++ (ISO partial specialization required) Functor Templates. Automatically convert functions and objects to functors, forces functions to take on characteristics of other prototypes, automatically distinguishes between pointer, object, reference.
afuse	Afuse is a FUSE based filesystem which implements filesystem automounting functionality similar to Linux&#039;s autofs.
afw	Active Spam Killer for Windows (AfW) is a challenge/response spam filtering system for the Windows platform. Based on ASK for Linux by Marco Paganini, this project adds a POP3 client/server wrapper and web administration, as well as Windows compatibility
afw-jack	Java Application Component Kit (JACK)
afwtabletags	JSP tags libraries used for generation of xhtml tables. Developer&#039;s filosofy are &quot;equal syntaxis than xhtml tags&quot; and complete flexibility.
afx	AFX is an X11-based, extensible, graphical, and highly configurable frontend primarily for use on tv-connected systems. The original design goal is a joystick-controlled frontend for an entertainment (games, emulators, audio, and video) box.
ag-cling	Detta ?r den officiella platsen f?r ?G:s kursmaterial till Introveckans datorintroduktionskurs. Vi hoppas kunna erbjuda mer hj?lp efter kursens slut via forum och epost-listor.
ag-mlf	The MLF System is a .NET framework and tool-set for creating an object-oriented data model layer. An MLF-based model layer is code generated, fully customizable, and can be deployed as either client-server or three-tier with only a onfiguration change.
ag101	AG101 is a java-based visual XSL editor/debugger built on the Pollo XML editor (pollo.sourceforge.net). It has  extensions to a regular expression library. It also has the ability to pipe XSL transforms one to another and store and reuse those pipes.
ag2map	A Java servlet &amp; JSP web mapping frontend for ESRI ArcIMS maps.  This project is an alternative to the standard ArcIMS HTML viewer, featuring a cleaner interface, better measuring, and pdf export capabilities.
ag32	Das Tool &quot;BOS-Alarmgeber-Simulation&quot; gibt beliebige 5-Ton-Folgen direkt an die Soundkarte aus. Die Tonfolgen werden dem Programm per Kommandozeile ?bergeben. Die Optionen &quot;Weckruf&quot; und &quot;Sirenenton&quot; werden ebenfalls unterst?t
agal	Agal is a themable web photo album that supports transparent rollover buttons.
agar	The Agar project produces a set of libraries for SDL/OpenGL including a GUI toolkit (Agar-GUI), an extensive object system (Agar-Core), vector/raster graphics packages (Agar-VG/RG), a 3D engine (Agar-SG), a game object library (Agar-Game) and more.
agata	Agata Report is a cross-platform database reporting tool with graph generation and a query tool like Crystal Reports that allows you to get data from databases and export that data as many formats or even generate a complete ER-diagram.
agate	AgateLib - Awesome game and tool engine library.  A platform independent .NET library for developing games and game development tools.  AgateLib is built on a driver-based model so that new platforms and rendering pipelines can be implemented easily.
agateif	AGATE (Adventure Game Authoring &amp; Testing Environment) is an interactive fiction IDE.  It is intended to do away with the traditional interactive fiction development cycle of code-compile-test by allowing you to develop the game as it runs.
agateruletester	A self-contained rule development and testing environment for agate translations for DTI&#039;s WireSpeed system.
agatha	Agatha is a web based mp3 playing system that allows the home user or office group to stream music, create, manage and share play lists and control the playing of music on a remote system. Agatha needs no database.
agatha-pbr	Agatha - A Point Based Rendering resource repository
agave	Send files to Bluetooth devices in range.  Example uses include theatre performance, product promotion, art installations.
agc	Adventure Game Creator (AGC) is a 2D (possibly 3D in the future) adventure game creation program to help aid the production of games without having to start from scratch.2D Point-and-Click like SCUMMVM games
agc-emu	This is an emulator for the Apollo Guidance Computer.
agcontrol	AGControl is a simple yet useful Bash script to monitor the size of your incomplete AGSatellite downloads, it has otions like: - playing the incomplete mp3 files; - launching AGSatellite and/or a defined browser and some other things.
agcs	AGCS ( Adventure Game Creation Studio )
agcsp	AgCSP is a CSP solver which use Evolutionary methodes. It is composed of a extendable library, parrallele executable and graphical interface. The CSP can be graph coloring, TSP, or anything else.
agctf	To provide a common framework of all kinds of software development.
agd	A graphical MUD server, running LPC scripts, using Sierra AGI-like graphics.
agda	Agda is a system for incrementally developing proofs and programs.
agder	php5 and mysql 4.1 based CMS system.
agdersoftcms	Agdersoft CMS is god website system. Its is developed by a norwegian company.
ageaventure	&quot;L&#039;âge de l&#039;aventure&quot; is a French project to create a free adventure game.
agel	Agel (Agenda Elettronica) is an electronic agenda written in Java. The user can insert and delete appointments very easily, with user-friendly GUI.
ageless	Ageless is a yet another web forum which allows people to communicate via threads (in boards), personal messages and personal message boards.  The user is in control, by being able to control whether features are enabled or not, and optional ignoring.
agelib	ApricotGameEngine, a 2D opensource game engine in C++ and SDL
agemail	TCL utility to remove old messages from an IMAP mail store.  Controlled by individual user (or global) control file.
agency-plan	Our first trials to write a class schedule.
agencydb	The Agency Personnel and Training Database program is the next in the OpenISES series of software aimed at emergency service agencies. This core program will provide the foundation for others to build upon.
agenda	This project hosts the CVS for the PIM applications and supporting code developed for the Agenda VR3 Linux PDA
agenda-01	This is an agenda developed in C++ using of the resources of the WINAPI, with the objective to control your contacts. It has as objective to serve of source of research for development in WINAPI.
agenda-distro	Packaging tools and a Linux distribution for the Agenda VR3 PDA.
agenda-ja	The goal of this project is to provide a Japanese localized distribution for Agenda VR3.  This project includes localization and development of VR3 applications.
agenda-perl-gpl	Perl written and simple to use phone address book.
agenda-snow	The Agenda is a Linux based PDA (http://www.agendacomputing.com).  The SourceForge Agenda SNOW Compiler Development Project is intended to further the development of the Agenda SNOW Compiler and porting of code to the Agenda SNOW based romdisk.
agendac	We wanna develop a cultural event scheduling software capable of manage tasks associated with the events, to search for free spaces able to host an event, to manage the costs of the organitzation, etc... It&#039;s aimed to help organitzations such as lit
agendaclientes	&quot;Agenda de Clientes&quot; is a customers database. Writed in Clarion 5, for spanish speakers. Agenda de Clientes es una base de datos de clientes.
agendahelp	Useful sources and information to accompany the Agenda Help Page
agendaonline	Your Agenda Online aims to provide an easy-to-use web-driven system for schools to publish assignments, dates for tests, grades, etc through the Internet. It uses PHP and MySQL.
agendaphp	Agenda in php-mysql technologie, make for website particulary to education site (internal or external web server).
agent	The program, Agent, is used to monitor the system use(in a LAN) and ensure it is under the control of the administrator.
agent-orange	agent-orange is a command-line script for generating &quot;dubbing logs&quot; or &quot;cuesheets&quot; in a high-quality printable format from text files generated by standard digital audio workstation software.
agent-see	Agent-See Allows you to publish your property details to the web, email listings and manage a newsletter. Includes easy Web based config, encrypted user passwords, improved formatting and templates, W3C Privacy statements and customer feedback pages.
agent-sg	OpenSG Agents - we are developing libraries and an API to allow intelligent synthetic characters (3D interactive graphical characters driven by AI) to be easily incorporated into virtual worlds using the OpenSG system (www.opensg.org)
agent007	This is a program which encrypts all kind of data. I implemented GOST 28147-89 (64, 256)and extended Blowfish (64, 512) in CFB mode. The key is retreived from SHA256/512 hashed user password. In future there will be Mono port.
agent450	Deployment of agents using Java aglets on IBM Tahiti server. This project is a course requirement for Seng 450 at University of Victoria, Canada.
agentacademy	Agent Academy is a Java integrated development framework for creating agents or multi-agent systems. It supports the design of agent behaviours, reusable agent types, ontologies, and the insertion of rule-based reasoning, based on data mining techniques.
agentapi	A tool to simplify SNMP agent development.
agentbak	ABBS is aimed at being an very admin-friendly backup tool. Using mobile agents mean hosts/clients will ever need upgraded, as the workings of the system are within the agent. Mobile agents also helps reduce server load as work is moved to hosts.
agentbeats	Agentbeats - A music generator experiment with the purpose of creating rhythms and melodies using artificial intelligence/life and connexionist paradigms.
agentcell	AgentCell is an agent-based model of cellular biochemical processes and biological behavior.
agentdynamics	This web applet simulates &quot;conscious agent&quot; dynamics as described by Donald D. Hoffman, et al. It allows 1 to 8 agents to interact in 1, 2 or 3 dimensions, and graphically shows the progress of the simulation.
agentejade	un agente en JADe para mi tesis tesis
agentemail	Webmail client for call center agents.  Designed to efficiently manage and report on a large number of emails to a small number of email addresses.  Specifically designed with webforms in mind where one email address may receive over 1000 emails per day.
agentfactory	Based on the agent oriented programming paradigm, the AgentFactory Framework provides tools for the fabrication and deployment of intentional software agents.
agentfarms	Virtual laboratory for multi-agent systems simulations. The laboratory features tools and mechanisms for modelling, simulation, virtual evolution, visualisation and reporting.
agentgrid	Software platform for developing applications based on a situated agent model. All applications developed for the platform will be expressed as instances of communicating agents and resources situated in an explicity defined environment.
agentgridrepast	Agent-based Grid simulator built on top of Repast simulation engine. Allows for a quick and easy development and analysis of agent-based coordination mechanisms for the Grid
agentlight	AgentLight is an effort to take current Multi Agent Systems (MAS) theories into expanding environment of handheld and embedded computational devices. The two worlds sound quite opposite at first glance. While theories about MAS talk about onthologies wit
agentools	Computational modelling is a interdisciplinary field spanning many techniques and programming languages. AgenTools is a project dedicated to establishing increased modularity in scientific computing packages and a portal linking to other existing project
agentorange	AgentOrange is a Win 32 Freeware HLDS agent
agentowl	AgentOWL library support RDF/OWL ontology models in JADE agent system. The library use Jena for ontology model manipulation.
agentspace	Java agent-based environment. J2EE 1.3 compliant application suite.
agentvanguard	AgentVanguard is a Python-based monitoring framework for networks and node machines.
agentx4j	AgentX4J is a Java based implementation of SNMP Agent.X.  Agent.X is the extensible SNMP agent framework as defined by RFCs 2741 and 2742.  This project was formerly named JAX which was a derivative of the JASMIN project.
agenziaviaggi	Manage the place of interests-hotels-restaurant archive for a travel agency that sells custom developed tours and then let you build the tour, computing costs, print description, compute revenues.
ageofreedom	RTS game engine contributions to Stratagus. RPG mode, first-person mode, underground areas and more are planned. A distribution of Stratagus with the contributions compiled in will also be released here.
ageofwar	ST: Age of War Mod for Nexus: The Jupiter Incident.
agere	A generic, distributed framework and simulation environment for research into Multi-Agent Systems (MAS).
ages	ages is a GNOME-based frontend to Aegis (available from http://aegis.sourceforge.net - also licensed under the GPL). It provides a comfortable way to access the most common used functions available from Aegis.
agesoflore	Ages of Lore is a single-player isometric role-playing game (RPG) created with SDL and OpenGL, featuring an intriguing storyline and innovative gameplay.
agfe	AGFE aims to be as the name claims, creating first a First Person Shooter and a Real Time Strategy, so FPS players will be watched and commanded by the RTS players. Then a level-based system will be applied to the FPS aspect. More to come, later.
agfg	This project seeks to develop tools for investigations into computational aspects of algebraic geometry over free groups.  In particular, we are developing software implementations based on the theoretical work G. S. Makanin, A. Razborov, and others.
agfupx	AGfUPX is a nice GUI for UPX with many advantages. Selecting a file using drag &amp; drop, shell integration (adding &quot;Open with AGfUPX&quot; option to the context menu of exe/dll files) and redirecting UPX output to a windows dialog box are only few
agg	Gui for Allegro library, designed for game developers (non rectangual/alpha blended/etc. widgets). Using C++ and LibSig++ signal library.
aggclustering	AggClustering is a C# program enable user to cluster a data into clusters using agglomerative clustering with K-means reclusering.
agge	AGGE is Another Graphics/Game Environment.
aggen	Anrieff&#039;s Gallery Generator - Creates a .HTML gallery from a collection of images. Handles rotations and resize. Creates thumbnails in .JPG/.PNG. Cross-platform with GUI.
aggie	Aggie is a news aggregator: It is a desktop application that downloads the latest news and displays it in a webpage. It is a small fast .NET GUI application that collects RSS files and allows you to view them in a web page.
aggomail	PHP-based webmail application
aggoo	AggOO is a higher level, cross platform 2D graphics API which resembles GDI+, but uses Anti-Grain Geometry as the rendering backend. Existing GDI+ code can be converted to use AggOO in most cases by simply replacing the namespace. Modified BSD license.
aggregated4	Aggregated4 is an open-source, news aggregator. It is planned to [initially] support RSS (versions 0.9 to 2.0, and further if applicable), Atom (0.3 to 1.0, and further if applicable), and in subsequent releases podcast catching, Torrent downloads, etc.
aggregator	Content Management System
aggregator2	Module for Drupal (http://drupal.org) for aggregating news from RSS/ATOM feeds as regular nodes.
aggrevator	Aggrevator is a cross-platform RSS/Atom aggregator that uses a MySQL 4.1 database for storage. It is designed to make life easier for people who want to subscribe to large numbers of blogs by using scoring, sophisticated search, filtering and sorting.
aggro	Aggro RSS Reader is a client-side Java application for reading RSS feeds.
agi	AGI was a game engine used on old games made by Sierra On-Line. (Like King&#039;s Quest I to III, Space Quest I, II, etc...) This release of the AGI engine is entirely written in Java and is completly OS Independant.
agile-team-tool	A light weight tool used by an agile team. supply todo list, time tracker, team member coordinate features.
agile2d	Agile2D is a framework that provides a nearly complete implementation of Java2D built using the industry standard OpenGL API.
agilebracket	Supplemental tools for agile enterprise Java development
agiledbtools	Agile DB Tools is a collection of tools that will allow test-driven development of db/warehouses.
agiledox	A tool to generate simple HTML/text documentation from JUnit test class names and method names. Available as a standalone application and as a plugin for IntelliJ IDEA 4.x and later. Please note: The plugin can be downloaded from the IDEA plugin manager.
agileflow	AgileFlow is an agile workflow engine
agilegis	Offer an agile web-gis framework on dotnet framework.
agilepipe	A Web news aggregator build with eclipse RCP technology, integrated sesame RDF processor engine and JXTA P2P network technology. It provides its users the abitlity to contribute/search a distributed semantic category.
agileplanner	This Agile Planner project will be implemented and used in a research environment to explore different planning strategies in the context of agile development.
agiletoolkit	Agile Toolkit provides a pre-packaged suite of development tools. It includes unit test framework, automated build support, source control, and other tools to support Agile projects. All components are functionally integrated and modularly replaceable.
agiletrack	AgileTrack is an agile/extreme programming (XP) development planning, iteration, and task tracking tool. It assists in the life-cycle of iterations, projects, stories, tasks, and bugs. It focuses on simplicity, usability, flexibility, and practicality.
agilewiki	AgileWiki provides a virtual wiki for each user, with access control, versioning, hierarchical structures, namespace management, and semantic inferencing, while still easy for casual users. Built on a very fast transactional b-tree database.
agilia	Agilia is the collection of projects that are developed using Test-driven-development and many other Agile practices.  Projects are written in any modern refactorable language, have high test coverage, and comprehensive unit tests.
agilifier	Project management and tracking tool for acceptance test driven development in Agile/XP projects
agilis	Agilis is a simple, fully featured Sprite engine for Java applets and applications. It builds on top of TinyPTC, and provide collision detection, sprite scaling, opacity rendering and animation handling.
agility4j	Agility4J is an agile project management system. An included toolkit allows for the &quot;ground up&quot; creation of custom agile project management systems. Many agile projects are different, so a &quot;one tool fits all&quot; approach seldom works in 
agilitybook	Win32 program for tracking Agility dog trial results. Multiple dogs can be tracked in a single file. Many venues are supported.
agilpro	AgilPro is a Eclipse based business process modeling suite providing: [LiMo - Light Modeler] a Business Process Modeler; [Simulator] a desktop application to run processes; [Application Adapters] e.g. JDBC, OpenOffice, Firefox, PDF, MSOffice
aginetmon	Agile Network Monitor
agio	Adagio is a Gnutella2 server which aims to provide a very configurable, highly reliable cross-platform daemon.
agiotrade	Agiotrade- The Open source stock market simulation program
agis	AGIS stands for Asterisk Groupware Integration Server. It provides a SOAP backend for access and configuration of the Asterisk PBX. Further it implements a SOAP based Asterisk application for E-Groupware with management functions for users and admins.
agisim	AGISIM (Artificial General Intelligence Simulated world) is a framework for the creation of a sensory-rich simulated 3D world for AGI research, allowing AGI and human controlled agents to interact within different rich &#039;contexts&#039;.
agistudio	QT AGI Studio is an IDE that allows developers to create games using Sierra On-Line&#039;s AGI system that was used in the early 80s to create games such as King&#039;s Quest 1, 2, and 3, Space Quest 1 and 2, Police Quest 1 and Leisure Suit Larry 1.
agiterm	AgiTerm is a test application for use with the Asterisk open source PBX. When executed, the program opens a socket and waits for connections from asterisk servers, providing an easy-to-use GUI for extension logic debugging upon incoming connection.
agito	Call for the specifications of (next generation of spice) spice4. The concept of spice kernel is proposed. The main function of spice kernel is to provide a communication between &quot;application layer&quot; and &quot;low-level Algorithm layer&quot;.
agix	AGiX is a CD collection of Linux and Windows Open-Source Games.
agkit	A collection of frameworks for use by Cocoa applications. Includes AGRegex, a Perl-compatible regular expression framework using the PCRE library, AGSocket, a networking framework supporting asynchronous I/O, and AGProcess, a framework for obtaining Unix
agl-lib	This library is similar to ones such as glut, for opengl, designed for C++. It will be high performance but also will make writing c++ easier. It will be compatible with both linux and windows and may also be extended to support other features
aglaia	This project is the reference/bootstrap compiler for the Aglaia programming language. The language is object oriented and supports garbage collection, contracts, etc. Care is taken to ensure consistent and clean syntax, and to reduce programmer errors,
aglat	AgLat is a PHP-based, XHTML compliant, administration tool for managing accounts and systems in LDAP databases. It provides a customizable menubar and you can easily add your own attributes and functionalities.
agletsnet	The Aglets Network is a set of resources for aglets developers and users, where they can obtain information about the Aglets Technology.
aglezdb	El proyecto es una p?gina que se basa en una base de datos de mySql y esta construida con php, algo de javascript, y html. Se trata de uha simulacion de tienda o aparador de productos de computo, un usuario comun puede acceder a la informacion contenida 
aglobe	A-globe is fast, scalable and lightweight Java-based multi-agent platform with env. simulation and mobility support. It provides a position-based messaging service suitable for experiments with extensive simulation and communication inaccessibility.
aglyph	Aglyph is a Dependency Injection framework for Python that supports Type 2 (setter) and Type 3 (constructor) injection, and programmatic or XML-based configuration.
agmanager	This application provides GUI front end for the RSync command under windows, for transfering files between the Agenda Linux PDA and the Windows Desktop. In additional includes a built-in Text Editor and a Windows Explorer like user interface for browsing
agmlproject	Annotated Gel Markup Language is a simple markup language that is being proposed to markup data obtained by 2D gel electrophorosis.The goal of AGML is to enable proteomics research move into the browsing mode of searching through existing databases.
agnax	Liberate your information! A lot of &quot;free&quot; web pages hold your content hostage. Agnax will get your blogs, emails, images back when you want them back. Agnax will first be working on making it easy to download and control posts on the Xanga blo
agnes	AGNES is a framework for synchronisation of arbitrary XML-Data. AGNES provides a server to store all data in one common place, which can be accessed via SOAP and a Java client library for synchronisation for use in Clients.
agnet	generic network interface supporting multiple connection channels so the server can be written independently of how people will connect to it. Designed for connection-oriented, shared-resource servers.
agnitio	Agnitio is a platform independent neural network toolkit with high customization flexibility.
agnix	Agnix is an educational, network operating system kernel. It is ideal starting point to learn about operating systems. The main goal of the project is to provide a network kernel fully compatible with the Linux Kernel in the system call layer
agnomaly	agnomaly is a test-suite daemon designed to create random or pre-defined network anomalies within your test environment for use in application stress-tests, network device acess-control and resiliency tests, and other tests.
agnostos	agnostos is a small task management system in perl and mysql. It allows for users, workgroup and department.
agnustic	Agnustic is a compilation aid tool, written in plain C and depending on no obnoxious script languages like m4, which focuses on replacing GNU make, automake and autoconf at once.
agon	Agon is a game alike Mind Rover or the ancient Omega. Both of these games have a programmable entity (mech) existing in a simulated environment. This project creates a environment-server, a library implementation to create AI&#039;s, and an environment v
agon-cosmos	Agon is about traveling in space and exploring stellar bodies. Landing on distant planets, coming close to a star, exploring the vicinity of a pulsar, sifting through stellar dust. Do in Agon what the future may hold for space exploration!
agora	AGORA CS is a manager of Collaborative Spaces using shared desktops. This is intended to be deployed at a graphical server side and offer a thin client interface to end-users.
agora-framework	Agora: a framework for activity driven virtual meetings
agoracart	AgoraCart is an Open Source e-commerce shopping cart built on PERL. our aim is to produce a security minded solution that is flexible and powerful with the features of commercial carts but for free and/or with relatively low cost.
agorae	Software platform for collaborative building and maintaining knowledge maps.\nPlateforme de construction coopérative de cartes de connaissances.
agorapucp	Agora is a web solution written in PHP that provides a set of utilities for e-learning support with services by course like document publication, glossary, news, FAQ.
agos	Repository for the Kernel and tools sources for Agenda VR3.  Including Gnu/Gcc, binutils, and kernel
agot	This is a server designed for handling common board games. The next step is to develop a client which would be able to connect to it.
agothia	Agothia is a free source Visual Basic made RPG (Role Playing Game) designed for online/offline, showing the extent of quality programming VB has to offer. Online capabilities will be added in the future! People are encouraged to help me any way possible!
agow	A Galaxy of War is a Team Assault Shooter based on the Star Wars universe, focusing specificly the Clone Wars era. Gameplay will focus and reward on Teamwork, making this game very tactical.
agqt	This program will go on All-Music Guide or FreeDB to look up song lists for complete albums, then automatically queue each of those songs on giFT.
agragator	A Java based RSS news reader supporting all version of RSS with a Swing user interface.
agranger	AGRanger is an &quot;UnOfficial&quot; open source client engine, written in Java, that uses  Audio Galaxy&#039;s peer to peer file sharing network. It has two user interfaces, a swing based ui and a command line based ui. It uses the 0.608 protocol
agraphs	AGraphs are a typed graph data structure to represent software artifacts. AGraphs implementation are automatically generated from an abstract specification or a language grammar.
agre	Agre is a Web-based RSS/ATOM feed aggregator with voting system.
agreements	Keep track of an organization&#039;s agreements and minutes by committee and full group meetings. List by date, group, or just search for content.
agreeyanasbox	It is an Implementation of NAS (Network Attached Storage) technology which\ncan be connected directly to a computer network to provide centralized data access and storage to heterogeneous(windows, linux and UNIX) network clients.
agregalien	agregaLien est un syst?me ouvert de gestions d&#039;URLs (classes PHP + MySQL). Avec commentaires, votes, hi?rarchisation, etc.
agricolae	An R library for research and experiments in agriculture.
agrinux	agrinux est un projet en gambas ayant pour but de fournir l&#039;ensemble des outils nécéssaire à la gestion d&#039;exploitations agricole de la terre à la gestion financière en suivant tout les process de transformation, en assurant une traçabilité comp
agriope	What is it? Argiope is a set of php modules and classes that you can use for free to build dynamic websites. How does it work? Argiope uses an architecture called Arcadia to process web requests.
agrovoct	This project present two tools developed by FAO for the AGROVOC thesaurus: The AGROVOC Browsing Interface and the AGROVOC maintenance System. They allows to browse and manage the AGROVOC thesaurus (here not fully provided). Technical details: PHP, MySQL.
agrub	The goal of this project is to provide support to render correctly arabic glyphs in the GRUB boot loader.
agrumelaire	Agrumelaire : An RSS Aggregator with Bayesian Learning System. Produces an RSS feed from a set of existing feeds. Items are categorized according to the reader&#039;s interests. Resulting feed is accessible from any standard RSS client application.
agse	An engine for world scripting. Worlds may be games, or internet browsers, word processors, whatever the scripter can and wants to create.
agsession	Session management for AOLserver using cookies and postgresql database to allow for control of a users session.  Also intended to allow for user logins to secured areas, restriction of features of a site based on levels of users account.
agsm	a gsm sim manager for browsing, managing, and manipulating the phonebook,SMS on the SIM card. It allows to view, edit, search and sort phonebook,SMS entries in the SIM card.
agt	AGT is a powerful console frontend to iptables, supporting nearly all of the iptables extensions. All options can be specified in a configuration file with similar syntax to &#039;ipf&#039; and &#039;ipfw&#039;.
agtoys	A Place to collect and maintain small tools and toys for the &#039;Agenda&#039; Linux-based PDA.
agtrainer	Absolute Guitar Trainer (agtrainer) is the first interactive electric guitar trainer capable of recognizing the sound from the user&#039;s music instrument (basically an electric guitar) and use it to estimate the user&#039;s advancement.
agu	Intelligent Search engine with hability of suggest the best solution to your problem or question. Based on concept of Web 3.0 semantic.
aguestbook	A simple and powerful php/mysql guestbook with an administrator center.
agui	AGUI will take GUI programming for the Allegro library to another level. IT will greatly simplify and speed up GUI programming with the Allegro library.
aguita	AGUITA -- Apache Graphical User Interface for Total Administration
agup	The purpose of the Allegro GUI Un-uglification Project is to make Allegro dialogs look good. Right now it emulates GTK, Win95, QNX Photon MicroGUI, BeOS and NeXTStep widget sets.
agv	Evaluation IBM Autonomic toolkit for multi agent systems by writing an AGV application with the AC Toolkit
agvcr	AGVCR is a cross-platform application for recording and playing back multiple RTP/RTCP packet streams, such as the audio and video streams of an AccessGrid conference.
agvsimulation	This project about providing run-time support for developing Decentralized Autonomic Computing systems (Eclipse Innovation Grand). Currently the project contains a automatic guided vehicle (AGV) simulator and an editor and visualisation as eclipse plugin
agworld	Distributed environment for agent-based evolutionary computation.
ah-card-game	Asshole: The Card Game
ah-tty	``ah-tty&#039;&#039;  is an automatic helper for command prompts and shells.  For novice shell users this provides feedback and advice about the command they are trying to use or want to use.
ah7	A collection of java classes for several purposes.
ahaaps	Application server based on new architecture
ahahdegradable	Degradable Live Search AHAH ( Asynchronous HTTP and HTML )
ahambr	Planejamento de uma aplicacao para catalogacao e busca de conteudo
ahat	This is a game created in Java with the use of OpenGL 3D graphics. It&#039;s a multiplayer game in which players hunt each other in a variety of vehicles while using and buying weapons. It incorporates stragegy and building of structures.
ahcnet	AHC compiler is a compiler for firmware design.  Since the language is new there needs to be a new compiler built for it.  AHC is this compiler.
aheadproxy	A personal proxy server that will look ahead and cache pages, automatically following links in a &quot;smart&quot; way and speeding up navigation.
ahextntemplate	The Alex Harris Firefox Extension Basic Template is an excellent way to learn how to make your very own Extension for the Firefox web browser. Included are all the files you need to make a basic extension, including some basic functions. Readme included.
ahf	Automatic Hibernate Factory, utility to generate automatically a translation from database scheme to java beans class complete of Hibernate configuration files and reverse. Web Gui need Tomcat, develop in Java and JSP Actually only for MySql DB.
ahh	Intended to improve the world with various cool projects.
ahi4dwave	An AHI card driver for the Trident 4DWAVE-DX/NX sound chip.  Currently supported OSes: AmigaOS 4.0
ahk	Automate almost anything by sending keystrokes &amp; mouse clicks (macros). Create hotkeys for keyboard, mouse, joystick, &amp; handheld remote controls. Define abbreviations that expand as you type them (AutoText). Create graphical user interfaces &amp;
ahm	Auto Host Manager is an automated hosting registration,  billing and customer management system for WHM/cPanel hosts.  AHM will take customers details, store them in a MySQL database and create the hosting account automatically upon successful payment.
ahmeba	AhMeBa is a XML file-based metabase engine that targets to small data driven applications that doesn&#039;t require a powerfull database engine or needs a light, mobile database such as personal websites and small bussiness applications.
ahn	AHN will be a home automation controling software. It is intended to drive an usb to X10 power line carrier interface that is a part of the project.
ahnen	If you&#039;d collected the dates of your family mambers and all of there ancestors with ahnen you can manage the data in fully graphical enviroment. You can present the family tree dynamically by selecting an individual forbear.
ahote	Note: The color functionality in A&#039;Hote has been merged into the Papyrus library. A&#039;Hote is a C++ library for creating color schemes including complements, split complements, triadics, tetradics, analogous colors, monochromatic groups, et. al.
ahoy	Ahoy is an efficient, decentralized service discovery protocol based on attenuated Bloom filters, designed for use in mobile ad-hoc networks (MANETs).
ahpag	Ahpag is a generator for archivable, hierarchical multimedia photograph albums with format-agnostic support for images and movies, as well as additional forms of multimedia, like audio annotations.  Output is plugin-specifc and can range from HTML to PDF
ahrg	AHrg is a development tool that combines the automation of Continuous Integration with Testing and Metrics capabilities.
ahs	Apache Hourly Stats starts like an excesively simple PHP script which generates an HTML report from an Apache access_log file. The statistics it provides are mainly unique IP adresses per hour and per day. I didn&#039;t find existing log analyzers which 
ahscs	A CMS designed for the Semantic Web, with WYSIWYG page editing, RDF summaries of profiles and news, and countless other quality features you expect to find in a CMS.
ahsm-for-x70	The alternative hand set manager for Panasonic X70
ahsmapper	This program is a mapping program for our high school.  The program will allow a user to input an origin and a destination, and then we will find a shortest path and both display that path and describe it in language to the user.
ahts	AHTS (An HTML Templating System) is an implementation of the Ars Digita Templating System in Python.
ahttpd	AHD is a small, fast, secure, single-tasking webserver which supports modules and CGI.
ahwac	Ahwac programming team.
ai-categorizer	An open-source Perl framework for automatic text categorization using Machine Learning methods.
ai-engine	Liteweight site managment tool that allows webmasters complete control over content but organized pages and certain features under one administration interface. Uses Smarty Template Engine and AdoDB to help display pages and organize information.
ai-erp	Enterprise software for managing all  critical business processes. Software automates workflow among finance, marketing, sales, operations, production and other business processes. Based on expert system techniques and artificial intelligence agents.
ai-horus	HORUS is a system for knowledge acquisition, hypothesis generation, inference and learning.  It is an interactive, internet environment that can be accessible to a diverse community of users (public-access or membership basis) for search, comparison, and
ai-integration	This is the SourgeForge hosted version of our compendium of the layer of software above Fedora Core 4 that supports our ai-integration.biz superproject. The Public Domain and GPL portions of this project are included and the release file(s).
ai-php-class	A flexible AI class that can be adapted to work with lots of apps already made. Coded in PHP.
ai-python	Attempt to implement various AI algorithms in Python: fuzzy logic, neural networks and genetic algorithms. Goal is to separate &quot;training&quot; and &quot;using&quot; processes to allow embedding of a trained AI object into an end-user application.
ai-standards	The goal of the AI Interface Standards Committee is to develop interface standards for game AI techniques and to promote their implementation.
ai-sudoku	A sudoku solver that uses AI techniques
ai-tem	AI-TEM is a Artificial Intelligence (AI) testbed made by game console emulator. User , developer or researcher can implement many AI and test it on real commercial game. (Suitable emulator and ROM required, see more detail inside...).
ai-trip	AI-TRIP finds an optimal route between a given start and destination through avaliable mass transit systems, particularly train and bus.  AI-TRIP can plan routes involving more than one transit system, and can find optimal routes based on time or cost.
ai-tutor	Ai Tutor is a library of graph search algorithms written in java. Focused as a educational tool in introductory artificial inteligence lessons. It have XML output and a visor to examine/navigate the XML output.
ai-world	This project aims a provide a framework that will allow AI (an other) developers to use a self contained environment for their little creations. There will be a GUI frontend and eventually distributed capabilities.
ai-ws	Work Scheduler will keep track of your hours for where you work, calculate your total hours before and after lunches. It will calculate your gross income before and after taxes based off hours input, also has an alaram to notify you before work, and more
ai0	(vaporware) ai0 : open source project to code an AI.
ai20070102	The purpose of the Interactive Literacy System is to assist the literacy process of children in an attractive way. The system evaluates the pronounce of letter, syllables and words through the interaction with children, computer and funny exercises
aiagentsj	This is a framework to develop Contexts and Agents and a Container to run them. The Container lets each Agent interact with the Context and other Agents. The agents are deployed in jar files and each one runs in an exclusive sandbox.
aiakos	Aiakos is a suite of software components that together provide a collaborative Single-Signon System across multiple trusted websites.  A simple open protocol is provided for collaboration, and working libraries are provided for ASP and Zope.
aiapps	ai applications,or &#039;aiapps&#039;, is a suite of applications applying algorithms and methods from the domain/field of artificial intelligence, machine learning, evolutionary computation, neural nets etc....to real world problems
aias	AIAS - An Internet Alerting System.  A system allowing clients to subscribe to an &quot;Alerting Server&quot; that provides urgent messages for clients.  Various formatting and urgency levels are defined.
aibaspps	AIBAS-PPS is an easy configurable Production Planning and Control System (PPS). It is programmed with the AIBAS (Allgemeine Individuelle Betriebsanwendungs-Software) tools designed at the University of Kassel (Germany). See also AIBAS-TUTOR.
aibastutor	AIBAS TUTOR is an application for training and education. The application concerns order procress (control) in business as well as in manufacturing. You can learn how to design and adapt those systems of planing and control only using graphic interfaces 
aibo	Main goal is to improve the cognitive vision in artificial intelligence. Camera calibration, object recognition etc. will be implemented and all results can be used by webcams or AIBO robotdog. Project is based on OpenCV and own source codes.
aiboagent	Agent behavior for play soccer.
aibob	AI Bob ist im Grunde ein regelbasiertes Simulationsprogramm von kleinen virtuellen Lebewesen, welche entscheidungen treffen könen und den Namen Bob tragen.
aibolib	Library and Framework for Sonys AIBO ERS-7
aibolinux	An attempt to run linux on an AIBO
aibot	Artificial Intelligence Electronic Manipulation Bot will be designed for developing A.I on the web using standard protocols of communication such as ICQ, MSN, and especially AIM. The Bot will be able to under stand and collect as much data as possible fr
aibotalk	A speech recognition application. It uses Microsoft Speech SDK to recognize and speak words. It can Play Music, Read the News, Tell the Time, Open Apps and many other cool things only with voice commands.
aibots	AI Bots is a programmer&#039;s game in which players write programs to control virtual bots which fight each other in an arena. This involves going after various objects in the arena as well as shooting down other bots.
aiboware	The AIBOware development team is responsible for designing architecting and developing AIBOware applications for the SONY AIBO robot. This is the central repository for all the designs and will be used to build and house these applications.
aibuddy	AIBuddy is an artificially intelligent chatbot. Unlike other chatbots, which pattern-match the entered phrase against a database of hard-coded responses, AIBuddy actually remembers the conversation, and can respond in context.
aibur	aiBur é um framework PHP para desenvolvimento de websites pequenos e médios. Contém uma lista de objetos que visam facilitar a listagem de elementos. Agora com pequenas modificações que visam transformar o aiBur em um mini MVC. Breve sairá o próxi
aica	My goal is to eventually create an Artificial Intelligence capable of doing nearly anything a human is capable of.  I figure writing one that can play Tic Tac Toe is a good enough start.  The game is written to let the AI learn completely from the user.
aicddj	An ai DJ will create your favorite music playlists, containing the music you like. Store information concerning any mp3 file in a Database in XML. Automatically copy mp3 on playlist onto harddisk. Now you can enjoy your full mp3 collection.
aichal	ChalAi is a set of challenges to the ai programmer. Although eventually we hope to allow stdin/stdout hooks for ai programmers, right now you have to write your ai in python. We are devloping challenges for a number of popular games, including tron.
aichinesechess	The AI Chinese Chess developered by c++ builder 5 . you can play the chess with computer. the purpose is research about How to implement the AI port of game .
aid	Database scripts that catalog and query album data. The first script stores track names, lengths, and tempos, then the second script queries the database and returns tracks with similar tempos. Aimed at DJs and EJs.
aiddlywiki	This project includes Tiddly adaptations, extensions(plugins/macros), style-sheets, tips and faqs.
aide	AIDE - Advanced Intrusion Detection Environment
aide4delphi	AIDE is a Delphi expert implementing integration of Visual SourceSafe inside Delphi IDE. AIDE implements helpful features for working with source code: hyper jumps, advanced code navigation, advanced class completion, advanced code templates etc.
aideaas	Aideaas is a dental laboratory management system, functions include planning, production tracking, warehouse management and so on.
aidear	Aidear is a family management project, functions include Education, Health, Personal Stuff and Finance.
aideen	Aideen is a three tier php code generator that ease development of database apllications either for the web or for your desktop.
aiden	AIDEN dumps OS (AIX) configuration data and hardware configuration data (HMC) to XML files, correlates it and outputs a PDF. Originally intended for DR documentation purposes it also allows for summary and description to be included on a per node basis.
aidereport	Add on web reporting feature for the Advanced Intrusion Detection Environment (AIDE).
aidlgame	This is a player vs. computer game.It is an adpatation of a paper pencil game in which two players, alternatively, join the dots in a grid. The player who makes the maximum number of boxes at completion is the winner.
aie	The goal of this project is to learn about and develop an AI. Current path is using a bot on AIM.
aien	An Isometric engine based on DirectX 8. The basic features of the engine are : Alpha Blending, Scaling, Dynamic Lightning, MP3 support and hardware aceleration. The engine was made to run in any Microsoft plataform with a standard 3d card.
aiengine	The @Secur Internet Engine &amp; HTML Generator is a Client/Server tool which allows developers to create Web based applications fast and reliable.
aiexperiments	This project focuses on experiments of AI using JAVA, but with just that bit of extra effort that might make those experiments become of use for others as well.
aiface	aiFace is a web content management system (WCMS). It&#039;s written in PHP/JavaScript and uses MySQL for database. It should be faster and easier to use than others ...
aifftools	AIFF-Tools will be a set of utilities to manage AIFF audio files, providing a library to read and write AIFFs and tools to cut, resample, amplificate, mix, write markers, etc. It aims to support all the features of AIFF (markers, comments, etc.).
aificlisp	Compiler of Lisp programs to a platform-idependent bytecode and the corresponding virtual machine.
aiforgames	Java implementation of AI Source code in the book &quot;Programming Game AI by Example&quot; by Matt Buckland.
aigaion	Aigaion is a php/mysql based multi-user system for managing annotated bibliographies. It allows the user(s) to order publications in a self-chosen (overlapping) topic structure, offers BibTex and RIS import and export and has an intuitive user interface.
aigames	Checkers Game Server - The game server for Robocup AI Games Competition - University of Isfahan
aigfxlab	AiGfxLab is a powerful open source image processing application for Windows.  The plugin architecture permits both general-purpose and specialized processing, with an emphasis on intuitive GUI, numerical accuracy, maximal extensibility and customization.
aigochess	aigochess is a chess-style game which comes from chess and Chinese chess.It use improve faile engine with strong AI.
aigs	Distributed AI game server.  This software let the user run a server that monitor and control games between AI.  The AI and referee can be run by clients on other computers.  A web interface will be included for game monitoring.
aiirc	An AI irc bot that will interact with irc users.
aika	Aika is a simple and powerful 3D-Engine, written in C++ (without any platform dependence), api independent and multithread. Helping people to develop not only high-end, but the small applications too, without any overhead in the interoperability.
aikencms	Aiken Content Management System based on PEAR
aikernel	The Aikernel is an intelligence server and cell runtime environment that uses natural language processing and other pattern matching with Activators, Contexts, Concepts to allow multi tasking between installed cells.
aiksaurus	AikSaurus is a GPL&#039;d thesaurus library for C++.  It returns many results, separated by part-of-speech information.  The library itself has no particular GUI, and it can be used with any interface you&#039;d like to create for it.
ailandra	Ailandra ? um MMORPG Open Source. Temos a inten??o de constru?-lo 100% em Java. Est? sendo planejado por Brasileiros, mas ficaremos felizes em receber qualquer tipo de ajuda, de qualquer pessoa. Nosso objetivo ? criar um jogo port?vel e de c?digo aberto.
ailang	This project aims to develop a suite of useful Web-based utilities.  Among those currently available are an online image converter and an encyclopedia similar to the &quot;Hitchhiker&#039;s Guide to the Galaxy.&quot;
ailib	This is a set of general Artificial Intelligence libraries and tools (for now neural networks and datamining, but others will come)
ailife	AiLife is a distributed, p2p, programming game that provides the framework for a user created but self-evolving universe where programmed entities may interact.  AiLife will make use of Neural Networks, Genetic Algorithms, Mobile Agent Systems and Cellul
ailnan	For the moment, the production is STOPPED.  This is a Final Fantasy-like role playing game with isometric graphics.  We need good standard C++ programmers and medium DirectX 9.0 programmers, musicians and artists.  A lot of work has been done and we hope
ailoom	AILoom is a hierarcical AI toolkit designed for re-use, modularity, and scalability.
aim	Atreis IM is a flexible and extendable hierarchical information manager written in Java.  The program includes an easy to use user-interface, full search capabilities, and the display of information can be customized by extending a couple Java interfaces
aim-alba	A monitoring and alerting project based on a web interface. Integrates many opensource programs such as cacti, ntop, nagios, snort, base. The web interface and the alert scripts are written in php.
aim-cli	A cli based AIM client that allows you to chat from any terminal on a system.
aim-sh	I&#039;ts a gaim plugin for linux, that runs on a server listening for IM&#039;s containing commands youd like to run on that server remotely.
aim-stenograph	An AIM bot designed to log all messages sent to your screenname while you\\&#039;re logged off.  Easily accessible from a configurable webpage.  Supports multiple screennames at once.
aim2linux	The purpose of this program is to let people set up this program on a host computer and then from a remote computer, type commands into it through AIM and control many different functions, applications, etc.
aimagik	AI Magik is an artificial intelligence based predictor that makes decisions on product categorization (lumping), value (or outcome) prediction (supervised learning), or making an optimizing guess (reinforced learning). It has a web crawler for input too.
aimban	This allows users to make an AIM chat room act like an IRC chat room with ops and immunes.
aimbe	The AIM Battle Engine project aims to develop a RPG-like battle system using perl and net::AIM. We intend to offer a mindless time waster for home, school, or work using the AOL Instant Messenger client. Enjoy :-)
aimcrypt	Gaim log encryption vie gpg.
aime	Written in C++ with an OO design, designed to provide utmost flexibility for the designer to create complex worlds.  Fully functional builder port, online interpreted specials code, flexible levels/quest/profession track system.
aime-lib	AIME (Another Interactive Music Engine) is a library designed to provide an extensible environment for creating interactive music applications.
aime2	A rewrite of the open-source AIME MUD Engine.  AIME2 includes more-efficient code, a better structured scripting language, and a robust and flexible world development environment AIME has been known for. Includes better windows support.
aimedsp	AimeDsp, by Leon Zadorin - a Digital Signal Processing library relevant to software projects which require audio DSP features. AimeDsp was insipired by and originally created for AiME, Another Interactive Music Engine, project by Dr Brown and Mr Sorensen
aimetip	This project is based on the Subprofile.com&#039;s AOL Instant Messenger Profile, but designed for personal use, for one person, easy to set up with all the variables that are needed in one file, and does not require ad&#039;s or links to the maker or si
aimex	An AIM Profile system written in PHP with a MySQL backend.  Includes a Wysiwyg Editor (SPAW) for easy profile editing.
aimfserve	File server for AOL Instant Messenger.  Runs on Linux and requires Net::OSCAR module to be installed.
aimgraph	Aimgraph is a user-friendly front-end for the Atoms-In-Molecules analysis programs developed by Bader group.
aimirc	IMIRC is an AOL Instant Messenger to IRC gateway.  It connects to an IRC network as an IRC server, so it requires a local ircd to run.  IMIRC creates nicknames for AIM users as they sign on, and converts HTML codes.
aiml-verbot	AIML Verbot Converter - Converts AIML files to Verbot KnowledgeBase (VKB) files. Visit http://www.verbots.com/ and http://www.alicebot.org to learn more about AIML and Verbots. Implemented in C# (.NET).
aimlbot	AIMLBot (Program#) is a small, fast, standards-compliant yet easily customizable .NET dll implementation of an AIML (Artificial Intelligence Markup Language) based chatter bot. AIMLBot has been tested on both Microsoft&#039;s runtime environment and Mono
aimlog	IMLog is a project to add flexible automatic logging facilities to AOL Instant Messenger.
aimmath	AiM is a system for intelligent computer-aided learning and assessment in mathematics and related disciplines, based on a symbolic mathematics program.
aimpc	This is a program, that uses AIM to somewhat control your computer. I can add in functionality if needed. These program, will control WMP through instant messages.
aimprintscreen	AIMPrintScreen is a simplistic screencasting utility for AIM chats. It is a hot-key launchable program written in Visual Basic and C++ allowing users to capture a rectangle on the screen and send it to the other person, with optional spotlighting.
aimprofiler	A PHP solution that provides extended profiles to AOL Instant Messenger users.
aimsleuth	Tracks AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) user; their idle status, away messages, and profiles.  Written as a Perl daemon with remote administration.
aimsniff	AIM Sniff is a network sniffer specifically designed to pick up messages transmitted using the AIM or MSN clients and their derivatives. All information can be sent to STDOUT or a MySQL DB.
aimsphil	Academic Institution Management System for Philippine Schools (AIMS Philippines)
aimtabz	Adds tabbed messaging interface to AIM Classic
aimtracker	PHP Script to provide AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) click tracking for links in your profile or away message. It will include similar functionality to that provided by imchaos. Allowing you to track statistics such as who, what, where, when, and how often.
aimud	AIMud is a mud server coded in C with easy customization via plugins. Computer controled creatures in this MUD will be close to realistic. Some ideas are to have them group together and with players, move between areas, gain experience, and level up.
aimutation	Aimutation is an add-on for AOL&#039;s Instant Messenger software.  It includes real time message logging, skinning, buddy notifications, buddy aliasing and much more.
ain	Ain is a relatively simple 2D spacecraft fighting game, with a style based on the 60&#039;s Batman TV show. With multiple ships, weapons and levels, try not to get too addicted.
aind	AIN is a functional replacement for IRC, while retaining the ability to connect with an IRC client. Features include IPv6 support, and meshed routing
ainet	AINet is a general purpose Artificial Intelligence software application and network. It learns from experience and user training to solve problems and interact with the environment. It runs in  workstation and robotic applications.
ainfosrp	The A-Infos Radio Project Media Archiving System is the software used on the A-Infos Radio Project website http://www.radio4all.net
aino	Aino is a Java bytecode to PIC microcontroller family assembly language compiler written in Java.
ainos-project	Cephalonia Island, Greece, Wireless Community Project
ainow	AI Now is an open source endeavour to create a general purpose Artificial Intelligence. The plan is to implement a modular architecture to incorporate AI theories as they are developed. This will provide a growing platform to test new AI theories.
ainstall	Awesome-Install is a php/perl/ftp installer that takes your script and installs it on your customer&#039;s website for them via ftp. It will soon include mods to auto-install popular scripts!
aio-member-site	All in one membership site, web based installer to automatically create Members Photo Gallery, Members Search, Members Forum, Members Blog, Simple Auction and Membership Control Panel. Requires minimal or no programming knowledge to setup.
aio-xmms	libAIO XMMS output plugin
aiocp	AIOCP (All In One Control Panel) is an advanced PHP/MySQL Content Management System (CMS) for internet/intranet portals and websites. AIOCP has hundreds of Web modules and includes e-commerce, e-business and development framework.
aion	AION is short for Artificially Intelligent Object Navigation. This originated as the code for Team AION&#039;s entry into the 2005 DARPA Grand Challenge autonomous robotic vehicle race.
aione-editor	Aione Editor is web-based tool written in PHP for Mysql and Sqlite databases. It is also a simple but very customized CMS.
aiopinion	An Artificial Intelligence chatting bot. It answers to yes/no questions by using simulated judgement. It can also give it&#039;s opinion which will reflect the public opinion. Please take a look at the source code. This project is open to new developers!
aioros	aiorOS is an educational purpose Operating System project based on IA386. aiorOS kernel provides support for: system calls, multitasking, paging (each process has 4GB space area). Supports binary programs to run as process. Osdev, kernel,Salvatore Iengo.
aios4win	AIOS4Win is an Open-Source menu for Windows that modifies the Operating System to add Linux program support and skin management and will in the future add support for AI scripting and built-in emulators for other system architectures.
aiot	The A(?) Input/Output Terminal (AIOT) is aimed to make an open-source UNIX-like program(not an operating system), to: a: learn to use Command-Line Interfaces(CLI), b: to give other developers ideas, and, c: to test how interesting C++ programs can be!
aip-enforcer	AIP Enforcer (&quot;Automated Internet Policy Enforcer&quot;) is designed to automatically manage access to the Internet.  This is planned to be especially useful in an environment with Public Access Terminals.
aipcs	Automatically sets the network information for your computer on a network without DHCP.  By passively monitoring multicast routing protocols, the router is automatically detected.  An ARP scan then finds a free IP address and assigns it to your machine.
aipdf	aipdf is a Java-based software used for displaying PDF forms. In extend to other similar products the user may fill the form and save them back to disk. So aipdf intends to be a bit of an &#039;Acrobat Distiller&#039; as open source
aipex	aipex is an easy-to-use html-photo-album generator. The generated albums are targeted to be &quot;simply nice&quot; with an inviting and clear design. Images can be imported and scaled either from iPhoto albums or any directory on the filesystem.
aipl	AIPL=Artificial Intelligence Programming Language (prounounced Ayple) AIPL is a new programming language that uses plain English psuedocode - AIPL contains an extensive set of commands that are driven by everyday English setences, key words and phrases
aiplanet	ai.planet is a virtual world for artificial intelligence.  Developers can study and visualize algorithms in a versatile 3D environment.
aiptektablet	Aiptek Hyperpen USB tablet drivers for Linux and X.Org/XFree86. Also includes GUI front-end for configuring the tablet while in-use. Supports Aiptek 6000U, 8000U, 12000U. May work with 4000U/5000U, also reported to work with off-brand clones such as LT95
air	AIR = (A)rt(I)ficial(R)eality Engine: A graphical multi-client network engine for development of games and related applications, using Delphi and GLScene.
air-destroyer	Air Destroyer - a 2D shooter game with an editor for levels built-in.
air-imager	AIR (Automated Image &amp; Restore) is a GUI front-end to dd/dcfldd designed for easily creating forensic disk/partition images. Supports MD5/SHAx hashes, SCSI tape drives, imaging over a TCP/IP network, splitting images, and detailed session logging.
air5023	Air 5023 is a space flight/simulation/FPS. The projects sole purpose/goal is to have fun working with others on a neat project. The game will focus on amazing graphics and the game play will be based around a star wars look and feel with light plot.
airbase	Airbase aims to be a sort of MS Access for the JAVA enabled mobile phone. The server interfaces with any database. The designer to create graphical presentation of the db. The MIDP client to view and alter the data.
airbomber	Air Bomber is a remake of a old arcade game I watched someone play once when I was 5. I don&#039;t know name of the game, but i rember how it was played. I have not found this game anywere so I decided to make it.
airbox	AirBox is service robot that provides various interesting function via MSN Messenger, IRC(RFC1459) chat and J2ME(SKT-XVM). Developed with Java programming language including policy files, dynamic class compile and reloading, web-clawer engine, JDBC etc.
airc	Windows IRC client totally RFC compliant. Natively multiserver and supports all CTCP commands including DCC support. Feature-rich with a lot of keyboard commands to do automated tasks.
aircash	An application to provide a worldwide mobile secure/confidential payment system over the internet and other kinds of insecure/unreliable networks
aircbot	aircbot becomes Another IRC Bot since it now supports run-time loadable modules, all compiled, so it&#039;s much faster then eggdrops.
aircert	Automated Incident Reporting (AirCERT) is an Internet-scalable infrastructure to automatically receive, process, and analyze security event information reported from across administrative domains.
aircpp	A modular mIRC script which lets you choose what you want to have. The core is always developed trying to offer modules the maximum flexibilty and ways of integration. At the same time, a complete and bloat-free script!
aircrack-ng	aircrack-ng is a set of tools for auditing wireless networks. It&#039;s an enhanced/reborn version of aircrack. It consists of airodump, aireplay, aircrack, airdecap, and some tools to handle capture files (merge, convert, etc.).
aircraft	aIRCraft is a Small and Fast pluggable perl-irc-robot designed to provide both certain services like Weather forecast, definition databases and a stable botnet core. Since it is highly pluggable modules can be written very easily.
aircraftsched	The AircraftScheduling program is designed to allow the scheduling of aircraft and the operation of an FBO or flying club. The program is used to schedule aircraft and if the administrator chooses to allow the checkin and checkout of aircraft.
aircraftschedul	This project involves PHP and DB design based on an existing project, phpScheduleIt. The goal is an online aircraft management system capable of scheduling, logging and billing multiple aircraft for multiple pilots, including an FAA Pilot Log Book.
airdave	A project designed to teach Java programming in a real-world context, by having contributors implement a functional travel reservation system.
airdc	AirDC++ is a DC++ modified client with more features and more advanced than DC++. The main source is based on Fuldc++ core. AirDC++ was created because there isnt any other fuldc++ mods out there until now. We will try to keep it clean and light.
airelliamud	A next-generation MUD created with C#. It aims to be easily extensible and completely generic, accomodating all games, medieval to fantasy. The OOP design allows easy development of the actual codebase, making powerful modifications a simpler task.
airfart	AirFart listens for 802.11 traffic and reports signal strengths in real time for all wireless devices it hears; this information is displayed in a GTK based GUI. AirFart requires that the linux-wlan-ng project be installed.
airftp	AirFtp is a free file and ftp program developed and designed to be used in a free environment based on microsoft OS.
airfw	A lightweight, developer friendly and elegant PHP framework.
airids	Blah, go away...
airisk	a simple RISK game clone meant to demonstrate good AI techniques in game programming.
airjack	AirJack is a device driver (or suit of device drivers) for 802.11(a/b/g) raw frame injection and reception.  It is ment as a development tool for all manor of 802.11 applications that need to access the raw protocol.
airlcd	airLCD is a C++ frontend for amarok, allowing users to control it with a remote control (using LIRC) and view track information and browse the music database on an LCD display (using LCDProc). The display is user customisable.
airldm	A collection of tools for Data Mining that aims to be Data Source independent
airliftj	AirliftJ is a Java library which increases portability and reusability of application and business logic. This includes model driven architecture, user interaction and validation logic, business process logic, access control logic.
airline	Advanced and user-friendly airline simulator based on the reality.  Its an advanced mix of Aerobiz and Airline Tycoon. Build an empire! Get rich!
airlog	Airlog aims to provide the glider pilot with useful information extracted from the logbook.
airmission	AirMission will be a 3D spaceship simulator for linux and windows environments. It will implement highly detailed 3d graphic effects and physics. Will be developed in C++ relaying on several libraries like Bass (sound), ODE (physics) and so.
airnews	Air NewsReader is a Windows application that written in delphi and reads/displays Internet newsfeeds via ATOM and RSS feeds based on XML. It supports ATOM and RSS formats(0.9,0.91,1.0,2.0) and others such as CDF, BackSlash, ScriptingNews, etc.
airo-linux	Development and support of the Cisco/Aironet 802.11 cards for Linux.
airone	Airone will be an open source project of an CMS interfaces to MySQL database in a user-oriented point of view.\nThe objective is to create an CMS that permit to show user MySQL query results as Admin has configured.
airplanewar	Airplane war is intended to be a 3d world war I airplane simulator in c# and using directx 9
airport	AIRPort - AJAX Integrated Responses for Portals. A platform-, language- and browser-independent AJAX framework for creating interactive portals, in which different applications can communicate.
airportswbsx	Airport Software Base Station in Apple&#039;s Mac OS X. Designed to allow users to create an 802.11b network from their Apple Computer with the click of a button. The Software is currently available for Mac OS X.1 only.
airpwn	Airpwn is a tool for generic packet injection on an 802.11 network.
airrox	An Air Hockey 3D game, which uses SDL &amp; OpenGL. Can be played in single-player mode or multi-player one.
airs	Job Accounting and User and Project managment for Clustered Computing using Perl, Apache, and MySQL. Designed to be extensible, it processes logs from currently PBS, OpenPBS and Maui2. It also contains a web frontend for User and Project Managment
airsentry	Airsentry is a simple Perl script that will detect attacks on wireless networks.  When Deauthentication packets are found, an audible alarm is raised, and the administrator is notified by Email. It is in the pre-alpha/planning stage, and it needs upating
airsgpt	The Airs GPT project experiments with Steady State Genetic Programming create agents that play tag. It emphasises co-evolution through competition, and provides the user with some tools to help them visualize what is taking place.
airsnort	AirSnort is a wireless LAN (WLAN) tool which cracks encryption keys on 802.11b WEP networks. AirSnort operates by passively monitoring transmissions, computing the encryption key when enough packets have been gathered.
airsoft-hl-mod	Airsoft is a Open Source mod for the Half-life Engine. \nAirsoft mod team will attempt to Simulate the Recreational Sport that is Airsoft. Map enviroments and sounds that will make the player zone into the game. Airsoft mod will also be Child Safe.
airsort	AirSort is a PHP/MySQL Web-based application that lets you search for an airport by name, IATA, ICAO, city, longitude, or latitude. Output is graphic, and a icon shows you the position of the airport on a world map..
airstar	VA-Coding brings news to the FlightSim Community: scripts for your virtual airline or virtual airport website, software for your FlightSim, a new CMS [Content Management System] for Virtual Airlines and &quot;little&quot; gimmicks for FlightSim enthusias
airstrike	Airstrike is arcade game written in Java. The goal of the game is to fly over a terrain covered by enemies (rockets, missiles, planes, ...). Sounds are supported. Also editor where new levels can be created is included.
airt	AIRT is an application for Computer Security Incident Response. The target audience of AIR is incident response groups which provide end-user support. AIRT is fully built using PHP4 on a Postgresql database.
airtodo	airTODO is a minimalist project management tool with zero administration, intended for customer, project, module, employees, task and time management (Java).
airtraf	AirTraf is a 100% passive network sniffer/analyzer that auto-detects wireless access points, determines wireless nodes associated with the given access points operating at its channels, tracks packet count/byte information of different types of 802.11b a
airtraffic	This game intends to put you into the hot-seat of an air traffic controller. Guide those planes to their correct destinations. This is a game of logistics and thinking ahead, sometimes you will need the right reflexes thou.
airview	Airview 1.0 is designed for capturing and analyzing network packets on wireless 802.11a/b/g and TCP/UDP Ethernet networks. It gathers information from the wireless adapter and decodes the analyzed data through PSSDK. No installed packet capture required.
ais	AIS - Associative Indexing Service, an application for indexing of big (lifetime) archives for fast future access to the data. It can be seen also as an associative helper, scalable bookmarks repository and also may be used as a personal search engine
ais-e	Ais-e is a web-based tool for management of PC reparations.
aisa	How about if we say we want to make &quot;The Matrix&quot; real? In this project, our main aim is to create software agents that acts as a being rather than a tool. We will simulate the matrix world with physical rules. Welcome to the real A.I.
aiscoal	[Ckpt Object-oriented Abstraction Layer]\nCOAL is an object-based abstraction layer utilizing the SAForum&#039;s AIS CKPT (Checkpoint) specification to provide HA access to cluster-wide data encapsulated within local, user-defined objects.
aisdecoder	AIS message decoder package. Decodes AIS 6bit ascii encoded messages into information for AIS usage.
aisearch	A set of Heuristic search algorithm in C++
aisec	These are snap-in modules for the DotNetNuke (http://www.dotnetnuke.com) framework to provide a complete E-Commerce solution including real-time credit card processing, integrated inventory control, and multi-level marketing commissions.
aisf	A framework of drivers on which generic astronomical applications can be built.
aisk	AISK is an acronym for Artificial Intelligence Spam Killer. It is a server side filter that acts as a kind of PROXY and uses SMTP to communicate with MTA. Main decision mechanism is based on artificial neural network capable of finding patterns, learning
aislib	Framework for building Java web applications and supporting library.
aislogger	AIS Logger is a simple viewer and logger for data received by AIS-transponders or -receivers.
aismallutils	The set of small utillites (library) implementing Artificial Intelligence algorithms.
aisoccer	Network gaming environment for AI warriors. Offers an application server, a soccer game application, an observer module visualizing a match and a template code for the warriors development.
aisp	AISP - IRC services with mysql support and many others features..
aisql	AiSQL is a free SQL implementation under DOS written in PowerBASIC. It is a continued development of the AutoInstaller Project.
aiss	With this System, GD(Game Designers) can write commands to control NPC, GD can design NPS&#039;s AI easily as designing a game level.And GD can control the AI&#039;s flow.
aist	Remote psychologic testing system. MMPI.
aistockbot	AIStockBot aims to become the greatest Technical and Fundamental Stock Analysis program written. Using Artificial Intelligence, it should pick stocks better than you. Includes Portfolio &amp; Document Management Systems. Focus on indicators, statistics, 
aisw	Programming game where players code scripts that will tell the units how to act. The scenario is at the space. Each player will start with only 1 HQ ship. From the HQ, it will be produced the other structures and units like. Wins the last survivour.
ait	AIT is short for Artificial Intelegence Tournament. It&#039;s quite simular to codewars. It&#039;s a server that allows bots to connect and fight each other with different kinds of weapons. It&#039;s intended to provide learning programmers a fun environ
aitaglib	Taglib para mostrar tablas, con funcionalidad que permite definir botones para interactuar con las filas seleccionadas, formateo de datos, ordenacion...
aitchbee	A sketching tool for the GNOME desktop that uses stroke approximation to clarify and clean up free hand sketches. Based on the pencil/paper metaphor, it aims to be both unobtrusive and useful.
aitext	This project is developed based on UC Berkeley Spice3f5. It is developed for the Spice Model total Solution, including Spice Model Parameters Extraction and Optimization. Model Validation, etc.
aitolikon	Aitolikon aims to be an unusual RPG with focus on story, gameplay, AI and realism. The setting will feature historical and mythological elements from the late minoan era (ca. 1400 B.C.).
aitools	This project is aimed at creating a set of highly universal AI tools to be used in AI modelling. So far the subject area includes: Neural Networks, Fuzzy Logic, Biological Methods, Genetic Computing. New tools will be devised as the project goes on.
aitris	The interesting thing about this is the artificial intelligence. You probably do not want to play Tetris AI. It survives for more than 1000 lines and beats every human in multiplayer mode (due to its speed). Two differnt AIs can play against each other.
aiu	Interactive Utility Control for the ADABAS DBMS on mainframe computers is a standalone, online, and interactive shell around the standard ADABAS utility program functions.  All functions are available regardless of data base status (active or inactive).
aiv-er	ARV&#039;er is a program built for the Mac OS X, and for use with Wikipedia. It is used in the &quot;vandal-wacking&quot; process, albiet the final step, reporting vandals to AIV.
aivis	A.I.V.I.S is an artificially intillegent viral intersystem symbiote. It combines the abilities of an artifically intillegent virus-like program to protect systems from security violations by evolving to manage a changing system.
aiwars-1	Ai Wars is a programmer&#039;s game.
aix-get	This program allows you automatically check for updates for AIX 5L packages and rpms and download and/or install them. It is a replacement for well-known `fixdist` in AIX4.
aix-mirror-chec	AIX Mirror Check is a Perl program for AIX to verify that each LVM mirror copy is on a different physical device. It supports the standard SCSI disks, but also ESS SDD disks for mirroring between physical SAN storage servers.
aix-pm	The AIX:: name space plus more. Perl modules that deal with AIX specific issues.
aix-storage	Utility for presentation of Physical &amp; Logical Storage for AIX. It use  output from system commands to make presentation of VGs, LVs and disks in HTML format.
aixfreeware	The AIX Freeware project supplies free OSS packages built for the IBM AIX operating system.
aixgrep-w-r	A korn shell (ksh) wrapper script to give AIX grep a recursive attribute like gnu grep.
aixgsc	Generic SCSI Bus Access for AIX
aixmonitor	AIX system performance monitor tools. Displays or records the AIX kernel performance parameters. This the &#039;monitor&#039; program by Jussy M?ki and Marcel Mol with new features (support for RRDtool) added.
aixns	AIX specific NetSaint development including core program compile testing and AIX specific plugin development.
aixtoolbox	The AIX Toolbox for Linux Applications contains free open source software built for AIX 5L, packaged with RPM.  It includes a variety of utilities &amp; libraries often found on Linux distros: http://www-1.ibm.com/servers/aix/products/aixos/linux/index.h
aixwlmproccat	The goal of this project to solve a issue when using WLM in AIX and having processes which is hard to catagorize, for example when using multiple instances of Oracle.
aja	AJA Project trying specify a binary markup language(AJA-ML) based on XML ideas and developing C++ library(AJA-LIB).
ajabberwocky	Jabberwocky is a jabber client software for Amiga Computers. It is open source and released under the GNU GPL License.
ajaccio	You can use it to make applications with Ajax. It&#039;s so easy. It&#039;s name comes forum Ajaccio city which is in Corsica.
ajaconsole	This is the Home Page for the James Administration Console, an administration utility for the James Java Enterprise Email Server. The console aims to be fast, easy to use, and completely 100% Java, just like the server.
ajairc	This projects target is to provide a server based on j2ee technology which redirects irc-requests from a webpage to a &quot;real&quot; irc webserver. The webpage provides an AJAX-based interface. (Like ebuddy.com for the msn)
ajaj	Ajaj.Net is an ASP.NET library for develop AJAX web application with JSON. It support C#, Visual Basic.Net and so on. For use it, put the AjajMethod attribute on the method, just like use WebMethod attribute in Web Service.
ajajajava	Ajajajava is an experimental Web 2.0 framework that stands for Asynchronous JavaScript and JSON and Java.\n\nFor more information see: http://www.ajajajava.org
ajaki	An AJAX-based Wiki engine, interactive user and administration interfaces and site generation/management tools
ajami	Asterisk-Java Middleware is a project that aims to create a common Java RMI interface using the Asterisk-Java classes.
ajantamedsuite	AjantamedSuite is web based, medical clinic practice management and electronic medical record application. It offers: HIPAA Compliant - Practice Management, Electronic Medical Records, Electronic Claims Management, advanced Prescription capabilities etc
ajaqs	Ajaqs is a Web app that organizes FAQs on a per-project basis. It is designed to be deployed under popular Web and application servers. It aims to serve two purposes: to provide engineering groups a mechanism for consolidating and preserving in-house kno
ajason	PHP 5 library and JavaScript client for AJAX. Fetch data asynchronously and develop interactive GUI-like Web applications. Call PHP functions and object methods from JavaScript and exchange even complex data types between client and server.
ajatt	AJATT (Another Java TimeTracker) is a tool for recording the time you spend on certain tasks. The user defines individual projects and corresponding tasks. By pressing buttons (for easy switching) he decides, to which task the time should be allocated.
ajax	Ajax is an open-source Java add-on collection mostly for classic desktop apps sporting new widgets (such as such as auto-complete textboxes or tree tables), new data models (such as as XML tree models), new common dialogs and much more.
ajax-charts	The goal of this project is to develop a library of Javascript objects for the generation of SVG charts, which can be updated in real time using AJAX technology. We&#039;ll build python page generators, and back end generators and a reference back-end.
ajax-dev-lib	Standard AJAX Development Library can be used in any standard AJAX development tool by the standard interface. It can help to build more powerful AJAX applications quickly and easily. Related AJAX IDE is AJAX WebShop.
ajax-discuss	DISCUSS is so-called chat module for XOOPS, that supports your group to make rapid decisions. It offers rich user experience with IM-like interface powered by Ajax technology.
ajax-fit	An Ajax Based Framework for Integrated Testing (FIT) of Perl
ajax-games	Extensible game framework allowing multi-player games over AJAX-enabled web browsers and servers with PHP and MySQL.  Uses no Flash, Shockwave, or Java.
ajax-in-action	Code from the book &#039;Ajax In Action&#039; by Crane, Pascarello &amp; James (Manning 2005). A variety of utilities and small frameworks for development of cutting edge Web 2.0 user interfaces and back-end systems.
ajax-mvc	The AJAX MVC separates view management from data services in web apps cleanly and configurably. It enables you to build light, rich web interfaces that plug into SOAs. It strives to eliminate ad-hoc data service integration from AJAX applications.
ajax-pages	Ajax Pages is a scripting template engine that enables rapid development of Ajax Web-based Applications, just like GMail, Google Maps, A9 and Backpack, but without having to manipulate complicated Document Object Models to make things dynamic.
ajax-queue	A Robust and Simple AJAX Queue &quot;Driver&quot; Class for Browsers
ajax-rest	ajax-REST is a javascript communication library that allows developers to add AJAX features to (existing) webapps. Its task is to handle comms between the user&#039;s browser and web apps, taking care of parameters, caches &amp; responses, in an event-dr
ajax-simple	Java project to ease Ajax development.  Basic package contains Taglibs and an Abstract servlet dealing with Ajax request/response, as well as an easy tomcat-enabled example.
ajax-spell	AJAX spell checker for text areas using PHP, Javascript, and pspell / aspell.
ajax-sugarfree	&quot;AJAX sugarfree&quot; is a powerful object-oriented framework, it makes implementing of various AJAX-ideas in your site very easy and convenient.
ajax3d	Javascript 3d engine using the WHATWG HTML &lt;canvas&gt; tag for output.
ajax4java	This proyect intent to be a tool or framework for developers that works with AJAX and the JAVA language.
ajax4jmx	AJAX4JMX is a framework for easy development of customized dynamic web user interfaces for jmx enabled applications. It is implemented using Google&#039;s GWT framework.
ajax4one	Develop web Applications which support collboration and offline use.
ajax4suggest	This Javascript library (IE 6+ and Mozilla Firefox 1.5+) has been designed to support dynamic autocompletion (HTML forms) based on the AJAX technology. All backend technologies are supported if they can generate: HTTP/Plain Text, HTTP/XML or HTTP/SOAP.
ajaxac	AjaxAC is a PHP framework for easily developing AJAX applications that interact directly with the server.
ajaxagent	Ajax Agent is a very easy to use, yet very powerful open source framework for rapidly building AJAX or Rich Internet Applications (RIA). It is based on JSON &amp; hence supports complex data types like associated arrays &amp; objects.
ajaxalytics	Holistic, visual access log statistics.
ajaxanywhere	AjaxAnywhere turns any set existing JSP/JSF components into AJAX-aware components without a complex JavaScript coding. Simply separate your web page into multiple zones, and use AjaxAnywhere to refresh only those zones that needs to be updated.
ajaxbean	AjaxBean is a java AJAX framework. You can use httprequest object to connect a server and invoke one or more String beans,and get the result of those beans&#039; method. You can handle the result and update the web page .
ajaxboard	Ajaxboard uses a php/mysql backend with a modified version of the class xajax.  The software is heavily based on traditional bulletin boards.  The board will offer a template engine, message center, userlist, and thread browsing along with posting.  One 
ajaxbox	AjaxBox is a shoutbox using Ajax and PHP with a nice look and feel. It is very customisable.
ajaxcards	JavaScript, CSS, and a bare minimum of image data come together to provide a card game framework for the web. To start, a solitaire game has been implemented on the framework. Future plans include AJAX support for multiplayer games.
ajaxcart	Ajax (Asynchronous JavaScript &amp; XML), PHP and MySQL based shopping cart system.
ajaxcasino	AJAX - Cards is an PHP and Javascript implementation which makes it possible to play blackjack on any webpage. No page reload needed throu AJAX architecture. It is installed in a few minutes. Configuration is done through CSS.
ajaxce	A javascript Chat based on AJAX which communicate with a server. It uses mysql only for identification. Google Talk Like. Internal HASH table instead of SQL for better performance and resources.
ajaxchat	ajax chat is a php/ajax chat system
ajaxcms	A free ajax-based CMS with admin panel, mySQL database and a file manager
ajaxcommander	AJAX Commander is a file manager written using the AJAX technology and PHP in the server side. It has an interface based in the well-known Norton Commander.
ajaxcore	AjaxCore is a PHP framework that aims the ease development of rich AJAX applications, using Prototype&#039;s JavaScript standard library.
ajaxdatagrid	Fully Ajax Enabled DataGrid
ajaxdb	AJAX-DB is an AJAX library implementing data-access through XML/A.
ajaxdesktop	AjaxDesktop projesi temel olarak administrasyonu hedefleyen web tabanl? bir masaüstü projesidir.Webmin ile web tabanl? masaüstü programlar?n?n kar???m?d?r.?çerisinde terminal,text editör,resim gösterici,file browser bulunacak.
ajaxell	C++ Widget Library for CGI/FastCGI applications based on Ajax. Test cases for Tomcat Server and XDAQ framework are available. Widgets included: Tab,Form,Button,Tree,LayoutContainer,Frame,Table,Dialog,FishEyeMenu,EventHandler, etc.
ajaxembed	Ajax/Embedded is an experimental design dedicated to perform Ajax applications on embedded systems, such as Wirelss routers. It comes with lightweight and efficient web server, Ajax engine written in C/C++, and rich Web UI widgets.
ajaxexplorer	AJAX Explorer is a file manager written using the AJAX technology and PHP in the server side. It has an interface similar to the Windows Explorer.
ajaxfilmdb	AJAX-FilmDB is a comfortably PHP/MySQL/AJAX film database. Looks and feels like a Mac OS-X application. Supports database backup and restore. Includes a fully automated graphical installation.
ajaxforms	AJAXForms is a tool that transforms XHTML/XForms documentos, that can&#039;t be used in browsers, to HTML with Javascript documents. This tool is implemented using AJAX.
ajaxfs	AjaxFS is an open distributed networkable web filesystem that uses Ajax technology for the interface and FuseFS + plugins for creating read/write URIs in any web service or application via rest or xmlrpc.
ajaxftp	A flexible widget to incorporate into your web 2.0 app to allow FTP access through a browser. AjaxFTP lets you browse, upload, and download files from remove servers using only Javascript and PHP. Built with customization in mind.
ajaxftpexplorer	Ftp file manager (Ajax + php). Function: connect, add, del, rename, permission, download, upload.
ajaxgame	AjaxGame is a real-time game based on a web browser using the AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML) technology. Multiple users can login to explore a common map and earn a common currency as their score.
ajaxgrid	AjaxGrid is a component to be used as web control for retrieving information from a mySQL database and displaying it in an HTML table within an AJAX call.
ajaxirc	IRC Client written in PHP that can be installed on web server to replace popular &quot;JAVA chat&quot; applications. Warning: not recommended for shared hosting packages because they usually don&#039;t allow irc.
ajaxj	A Java 1.5 library to help with creating Ajax web applications in a servlet environment. The ultimate goal is to make using Ajax completely transparent to both the developer and the end user.
ajaxkit	AJAXKit is a collection of &quot;rich&quot; DHTML components backed by a cross-browser JavaScript library and based on XMLHTTPRequest object.
ajaxlib	AJAXLib is a class written in JavaScript that provides an easy way to implement AJAX (XMLHttpRequest) in your web applications.  With AJAXLib you can send data via POST or GET to server (PHP/PERL/JSP,etc) and get the result directly in your JavaScript.
ajaxmail	AjaxMail is a Web-based e-mail system enhanced with Ajax interactivity.
ajaxmapper	Ajaxmapper is a server-based component, written in Java, which maps data from a relational database to a XML file, transfered by HTTP. The goal is to exchange data with Ajax client components.
ajaxmdb	Ajax-based Movie Management System
ajaxmedia	A public repository for AJAX developers from beginners to advanced users and programmers. Contents are built upon multiple scripting codes and browser compliant standards. Meet the demands of AJAX education by providing end user usability.
ajaxmonkey	Think Ajax with PHP is hard? AjaxMonkey allows for greater versatility by removing the overhead of setting up an Ajax site. Also included is AMTBOjbect, used to editing content in a MySQL databse.
ajaxmyadmin	ajaxmyadmin is a database front end writen in ajax (javascript and php) , it try to keep the original idea from  the great phpmyadmin
ajaxmytop	Web-based tool featuring AJAX User Interface for monitoring a MySQL server.
ajaxn	Open source AJAX framework for ASP.NET
ajaxnet	Ajax.NET is an implementation of the AJAX technology used by Google, Orkut, Flickr, ... for the .NET environment. Call server side methods as if they were on the clientside.
ajaxnet4j	ajaxnet4j is a Java implementation of the famous Ajax.NET Professional library. With the help of it, you can concentrate on server-side business logics, and client-side user experiences, and don&#039;t have to spend much time on connection between two si
ajaxnetmap	AjaxNetworkMap is a ajax based monitoring tool inspired by &quot;Mila Ajax&quot;.
ajaxobject	Javascript pseudo-class to build assynchronous HTTP requests to webservers. It&#039;s just a single .js archive witch provides you some usefull funcionalities and simplifly your Ajax codes.
ajaxoffice	Office Suite entirely usable via a browser, working with XHTML documents (via the DOM model) and entirely written in Javascript, using AJAX techniques. Nothing to be installed on your computer, the files stay on some server.
ajaxol	Ajaxol is a framework to build dynamic website, with the Ajax technology and XMLHTTPRequest, more easily. Ajaxol will use Scriptol for its clear syntax, and PHP for portability. A graphical user interface is planned.
ajaxometer	A quick download and upload speed test utility written in PHP and JavaScript which utilizes (but does not require) SVG support for some pretty graphics.
ajaxora	Oracle Database Browser. Web based application which will be used oracle database. Ajax on the client side, Java on server. Standard J2EE architecture.
ajaxpage	A complete AJAX library by PHP, MySQL and JavaScript. The aim is creating PC-like tools on web.
ajaxphpinvoker	Javascript to call a PHP function:\n\n   var ajphp = new AJAXPHPInvoker(&#039;page.php&#039;);\n   .\n   .\n   ajphp.CallFunction(0,&#039;DoesUserExist&#039;, mytextbox.value);\n\nfunction OnReturn(senderID, returnValue, outputText)\n{\n   alert(&#039;User &#039;
ajaxphpterm	ajaxPHPterm is an AJAX terminal/shell emulator for PHP, based on the PHPterm project. It acts as a terminal and allows you to execute shell commands within your browser, even in a hosted environment. Added AJAX makes it behave more like a real shell.
ajaxplorer	ajaXplorer is an easy-to-install files explorer for remotely managing files on a web server, or using as a simple filesharing system. Its rich layout and actions make it accessible to any end-user. It requires PHP and FTP access to install.
ajaxplus	AjaxPlus -- This framework absolutely separates presentation layer and control layer of  web-based system.  No component, tag or template, only pure HTML and Javascript. With Ajax, it binds everything at server side.
ajaxportlet	AJAX based portlet framework.
ajaxq	ajaxQ provides simple AJAX access to MySQL databases via SQL from within javascript. Call a few simple javascript functions to execute SELECTs, UPDATEs, INSERTs and DELETEs.
ajaxrad	Java rad to build java ajax based web 2.0 applications
ajaxrequest	AjaxRequest is a JavaScript class designed to make dealing with XMLHttpRequests (or the IE versions thereof) simplier.
ajaxrpg	Ajax RPG is a Web-based RPG development platform. This application is a Joomla! component (famous CMS). Ajax RPG contains a powerful 2D graphic engine written in Javascript and uses AJAX technology.
ajaxservlet	Provides a simple framework to integrate Ajax updates into a JSP/Servlet environment. It simplifies the updating of: Javascript GUI objects (eg. text and selections etc), InnerHTML and executing javascript statements.
ajaxshell	An Ajax/PHP WebShell to command your webserver from any computer. Supports password-protection, very fast interface, never reload the page, history item of commands, easy custom-command adding, quick commands, tabs, upload function, file browser ...
ajaxshine	Ajaxshine is a framework to develop an independent Presentation-and-Content workspace for web developers using AJAX and XSLT. It also creates a quick-responsive UI. Ajaxshine is light, highly customiseable, and free.
ajaxstream	axstream - Servlet for ajax based communication between the presentation- and servicetier of a webapplication. Drafted for late integration into an existing project but also from the beginning.
ajaxsudoku	The Project wants to give a fast and well-designed solver for the famous sudoku-game with PHP/JavaScript based on the AJAX-technology. As a second step it is planned to implement a sudoku-generator too.
ajaxtags	The AJAX JSP Tag Library is a set of JSP tags that simplify the use of Asynchronous JavaScript and XML (AJAX) technology in JavaServer Pages.
ajaxtestrunner	AjaxTestRunner is a web-based JUnit test runner for in-container testing with a cool AJAX interface.
ajaxtimer	Time how long you spend on a particular project.
ajaxtk	AJAX Toolkit Framework is a J2EE based technology that assists in constructing Eclipse framework support for AJAX toolkits on Linux and provides enhanced DHTML/Javascript IDE features for AJAX developers.
ajaxtop	AjaxTop supports AJAX and Tag Oriented Programming in JavaScript and Java. It implements a simple and powerful framework which can be used to develop Web Applications based on an XML message dialog between Client and Server.
ajaxtorrentflux	ajaxTorrentUI is a FREE PHP and AJAX (Javascript) based BitTorrent client. Manage all of your Torrent downloads through a desktop-like interface from anywhere. Requires Apache with PHP and BitTornado source (included).
ajaxupload	100% Java/JSP Web Application to handle file uploads. Full featured and highly configurable. Includes accurate status bar functionality.
ajaxurf	Simple yet powerful web based AJAX powered file manager with improved standard features and tab-based interface.
ajaxwebmail	AJAX WebMail is a simple webmail application that uses AJAX technologies: Asynchronous Javascript And XML.  It is intended to be simple to install use. The server component is written in Perl.
ajaxws	AJAX WebService component provides easy and efficient way to explore/invoke any WebServices directly from JavaScript (both RPC and Document style), without additional server-side support. Incorporated WebService Explorer shows many abilities of component
ajayu	This is a general purpose framework written in C++ that will help the programmers to develop cross platform applications hiding specific platform details.
ajc	An Open Source Java Chat Client that works on any Major OS that supports Java. Comes in Client and server Builds. Useful for large networks, large scale Internet use and even peer to peer.
ajc-for-eclipse	Plugin for Eclipse aiming at fully integrating AspectJ into Eclipse.
ajchat	Ajchat is a simple online chat system which uses AJAX. Ajchat also allows sharing or embedding of chatrooms into websites.
ajcoupling	AJCoupling is an Eclipse plug-in to measure several coupling dimensions in AspectJ software.
ajcrm	Italian Project for a CRM software written in Java/Servlet/JSP and based on MySQL DB
ajdo	this project aims at providing an aspectj-based jdo implementation supporting nxd and xml:db. Rather than a very performant one, we see for now this project more like a proof of concept.
ajec	This is a Java Email client for academic purpose. It will include the general email client features and other experimental techniques such as uncertain reasoning, HCI principles. This project is not supported now.
ajeer	The AJEER project provides AspectJ load-time aspect weaving for the Eclipse platform.
ajefw	AspectJ Exception FrameWork (AJEFW) provides a central point and code reuse on the treatment of different kinds of exceptions presents in an application, everything specified in a xml configuration file. Framework para tratamento de exceções em AspectJ
ajexplorer	Windows Explorer-like linux Explorer, fast, simple, few features, but functional for most users.
ajfork	A fork of the popular news/blog software CuteNews ( http://cutephp.com/ ) - The intended use of this software (CN:AJ) is for blogs or small newssites. Think of it as b2-light. Depends on PHP4, thrives on apache and uses flatfiles for data storage.
ajform	AJFORM is a JavaScript toolkit which simply submits data from any given form in an HTML page, then sends the data to any specified JavaScript function without refreshing the page. AJFORM degrades gracefully in every aspect if Javascript is not supported.
ajgames	A Game Engine built on DirectX utilizing new technologies such as HLSL
ajgenesis	ajgenesis is a project to construct a source code generator, and a framework class, to build distributed applications in .NET, according to the best practices, patterns and architecture recomendation. Generates C#, VB.NET or J#, from templates.
ajhotdraw	AJHotDraw is an aspect-oriented refactoring of the JHotDraw two-dimensional graphics framework(sourceforge.net/projects/jhotdraw/). TestJHotDraw is developed as a test subproject aimed at ensuring behavior conservation between the two solutions.
ajhsqldb	AJHSQLDB is the result of a aspect-oriented refactoring case study performed with HSQLDB. It is inteded as a showcase for aspect-orientated prgramming/refactoring in the spirit of AJHotDraw.
ajile	Ajile (Advanced JavaScript Importing &amp; Loading Extension) allows developers to easily create unique namespaces for JavaScript modules and quickly define dependencies that allow those scripts to automatically load and import each other as needed.
ajmath	This is a simple C++ math library that I use in all of my 3D graphics projects.  It contains classes for common mathematical elements such as vectors, rays, quaternions, matrices, etc.  The implementation aims to be both simple and efficient.
ajmitzel	you play as the wizerd ulific. you fight morgols ,dragons and infiltrate the castle where your king is being held to rescue the lost kingdom.
ajmm	NOTE: AJMM is no longer under active development! AJMM is a replacement for the media manager application that comes with JovePlayer (An XCard-based HTPC application). AJMM is easier to use and has integrated ID3 tag and custom field functionality.
ajocms	To develop a content management system that can be flexiable in the format and display of data while providing the end user with a way to update and manage contenet easily.
ajportal	A portal developed in different versions (ASP, PHP, JSP), with users, forum, news, e-commerce, downloads, surveys, graphics themes, support for plugins....
ajprofiler	The goal of this project is to provide some Java profiler based on AOP (Aspect Oriented Programming). The first implementation will be available on first/second quarter 2003 for the Eclipse/WSAD IDE, the implemenation of AOP will be AspectJ.
ajqtgui	Qt based GUI for the core of the appleJuice filesharing
ajrdatabase	An OpenSource implementation of Apple&#039;s Objective-C Enterprise Objects framework.
ajserver	ajserver is a process server. Each application is defined via an XML file, a la Cocoon. Each process is a pipeline of action. The project has libraries of actions, and each developer can add new actions (a la Struts). Common actions: listening sockets, p
ajstorm	ajstorm: aj-S?mple Tool for Object Relational Mapping, a library for persistance of objects, in .NET. Any plain old dotnet object that has properties, can be persisted using this framework.
ajstruts	Source code of an article (http://ajstruts.sf.net) published in 11/2003 in the german &quot;Java Magazin&quot; magazine, shows how to adapt 3rd party libs (e.g. struts) to project needs and ease migration to new library version using AspectJ and XSLT sty
ajtools	this projects aims at providing a bunch of various utility abstract aspects (developped using aspectj).
ajui	AJUI is a java widget toolkit for creating user interfaces in java.  AJUI uses a XUL like xml format for laying out widgets, uses a non tradition event handling system, follows an MVC design pattern, and uses an SPI model enabling AJUI to look native.
ajustalegendas	Programa criado por mim para ajustar o tempo das legendas que não estão corretamente sincronizadas com o vído. Você define o número de segundo e/ou milisegundos para avançar ou retroceder e o programa ajusta as legendas automaticamente.
ajwords	AJAX Browser-based word game (similar to Royal Square).
ajxtools	Javascript interface to facilitate the use of AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML), thru functionalities to populate combos, add, update, remove rows in tables and auto complete, among others resources. AJXtools is easy to use and language independent.
ak-istanbulx	istanbuLX, tamamen T?rkiye&#039;de gelistirilen ilk GNU/Linux isletim sistemi. Temel ama? yerel (T?rk?e) ayarlarla sorunsuz ?alisan bir Linux. GNU/Hurd olarak ta hazirlanacak.
aka	A Knight&#039;s Artefact is a big package for the game Clonk (http://www.clonk.de). The main idea of this project is to create a wonderfull world with never seen wideness. For more information see http://www.cppp.v-cm.net/projects.php?pr=95 (in german)
akademos	Akademos is a chess playing engine which incorporates several kinds of learning in order to greatly improve its playing ability over time.  These may include:  explicit and learned tactics in the move ordering, dynamic evaluation and planning.
akak	akak is a project to make an easy to use software for relay controlling with the parallel port
akamak	Alamak ERP+CRM solution for Small Enterprises in the global marketplace covering all areas from customer management, supply chain and accounting.
akari	The Akari Project is developing an online, 3D, real time strategy game for Windows and Linux.
akarmi	Yet another C++ library. Under heavy rewrite.
akarru	Akarru is a social bookmarking engine, is used to build social bookmarkings sites, like www.blogmemes.com. Users posts links and promote links to front page using voting system. Akarrú es un motor de promoción social de enlaces y blogs, usado para cons
akasha	php/MySQL based webmail program. Currently only supports pop3, IMAP is in the works. Has a notebook, a favorites organizer and an addressbook.
akdaemon	Action Key Daemon (aka akdaemon) is a project to write a fully configurable process launcher/controller for makeing use of the special keys on a lot of newer keyboards.
ake	This project provide users with a comprehensive yet simple way to keep their favorite web sites and commonly used web sites all in one place, that they can locate from anywhere around the connected world.
akelos	Multilingual port to PHP of the fabulous Ruby on Rails web development framework. PHP4 and PHP5 compatible. Built in i18n, l10n, UTF-8, multilingual Active Records, AJAX, Clean URLs, Database migrations. Works with MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQLite.
akelpad	A simple notepad-like text editor with many features. It is designed to be a small and fast.
akg-helpsite	Homepage for class 11a with address-db, community and homework infos.
akiba	JSamson is a Java implementation for the Samson tool. It provides a multi window DQL/API interface for Documentum
akii	Powerful text-mode &lt;A HREF=&quot;http://arenaportal.hix.com/&quot;&gt;HIX Arena&lt;/a&gt; chat-client for Linux/Unix/Win32 systems with script-programming language.
akiller	AKiller is a popup killer for Internet Explorer, Opera, Mozilla and other popular browsers under windows. Sources are compiled with Delphi and the JVCL.
akilsoft	VoizEdge is an appliance Server based on Smeserver 7.1 open source application. Integrates Asterisk-based PBX, FreePBX, CMS,DMS,IM into a single , easy to use interface. The goals of VoizEdge are reliability and easy of use.
akimasquest	Akima&#039;s Quest is a console - style RPG created using Alambik technologies.  It is a test-bed for creating games using AlambikScript, as well as a quality game that can be used / modifed for other purposes.  Many features one might find in a commerci
akinimod	A new Linux distribution built on top of an LFS core. Fully functionall and complete but smaller than most.
akisha	generador de aplicaciones lamp, genera codigo php y mysql, se selecciona una base de datos y el aspecto grafico, luego se genera un sistema completo con codigo xhtml, php y mysql. Ademas los sistemas resultantes tienen arquitectura mvc. ajax en fase alph
akismet-java	Automattic Kismet (Akismet for short) is a collaborative effort to make comment and trackback spam a non-issue and restore innocence to blogging, so you never have to worry about spam again. Akismet Java is an API for interacting with Akismet.
akita	Operating system project, compatible with DOS and that hereafter intends to have compatibility with Win95/98.
akita-idp	Installation program that uses the concept of auto-compilation of the source code of the program compacted in packages (.BIN).
akitalivechat	Internet Live Chat client. Allows clients to click a button on web page and alert salesperson someone wants to chat. PHP - Ajax - FlatFile. System allows for more than one salesperson to talk with client at once.
akitatech	Visual Basic 5/6 - Winsock TCP/ip - Transfer Files binary or text - Transfer regular chat style information over TCP protocol. I looked everywhere for how to send a binary file over tcp but didnt find one, here you go.
akiva	Discovery Manager for integrating components on CSF.
akjay	AkJay Lister is a PHP/MySQL powered system that creates a user-friendly database system for adding list items and allowing the users to sort items by type defined. The admin can create the fields that are to be filled out.
akkada	Network monitoring system designed for middle size computer networks. Its purpose is to detect system or network fault and to display information about detected problem. Almost all services of the monitored hosts are discovered automatically.
akkar	AKKAR is a sentralized LARP management suite in PHP and MySQL. It offers complete organizational management and allows for easy colaberation between all the members of a LARP organizational group.
akktex	AkkTeX consists of a collection of new LaTeX document classes and a very large set of LaTeX packages with hundreds of new macros simplifying the creation of scientific papers. The packages have all been created within years of practical work with LaTeX.
akm	an easy interface applet for Gnome Desktops for those having one keybosrd (Say US keyboard) and need multilingual enviorment(like hindi interface) to type.simply its a intrepreter between keyboard and app using keyboard
akme	Program for comunicating in companies. Merges functionality of forum and chat
ako	AKO provides hardware and software for rapid prototyping and development of robotic projects.  It utilizes a distributed microcontroller network with a centralized controller.
akoon	Akanai Akoon is a multiuser extension that upgrades Mozilla Thunderbird to a full CRM/project-management-suite. Main features are the ability to work offline and the presence of a Web-Client. The server is multi-client capable.
akoria	Akoria is a comprehensive document management system, providing advanced features such as discrete user environments, ad-hoc workflow, asset version control, release management, publishing, in-place editing, and reporting.
akorn	The Akorn RDS is an OS, browser, and database independent application infrastructure written in PHP that enables the rapid construction of robust secure applications.  It includes customizable CSS based interface, PDF reporting, and much more.
akote	The AKOTE is a new brand of template engine. Instead of struggling with having to learn yet another template language, the AKOTE gives you the power of choosing yor own template language.
akoya	Akoya is a perl mud server. The initial design is for a well rounded set of base classes with any game mechanics abstracted out to allow many different game engines atop the base class set. It will ship with a game engine.
akregator	Akregator is a KDE RSS aggregator. It is used to syndicate public and private (e.g. LiveJournal) RSS feeds into a single handy user-friendly interface.
akrintranet	Dieses Projekt beinhaltet eine Intranetlösung für Firmen.
akrip	CD-DA digital audio extraction library for 32-bit Windows platforms.  Simplifies the process of ripping digital audio from CD-roms.
akripcom	AKRipCOM is a an ActiveX COM object wrapper to Jay Andrew Key&#039;s open source AKRip CD-DA Audio Extraction Library (http://akrip.sourceforge.net/). AKRipCOM is written in C++.
akriti	An image editor for Windows with a distributed effects processor. Contains numerous textures and effects whose processing is transparently distributed amongst other copies of AKRITI runing on the LAN.
akro	akro is an IRC game of acronyms in bot form.  akro is written in Perl with Net::IRC, is multi-network/channel capable, and is just plain fun!
akrogen	Akrogen is Eclipse Plugin which is able to generate all components of WEB Application (View (JSP,...), Business layer, DAO,...) in any Technolgy (Java Struts, PHP...), by using metadata of your database.
akrti	AkRti is a framework to facilitate easier development of applications that can handle the Indian language Telugu. The modular architecture decouples the input method, the underlying syllable based representation and the on screen display/print.
aksdna	This is a Citizenship Information Management System. This IS could be used to manage the records regarding the citizens of the country. It is particularly a database system.
akshara	Akshara Malayalam OCR is a project for the development of an OCR for printed and handwritten documents in Malayalam language. The inspiration is from similar OCR softwares in other languages etc.
aksharbodh	Handwriting recognition and OCR in Indic languages
akson	Akson is a PyGtk/PyLibgadu based Polish IM protocol Gadu-Gadu client
aksrechner	Das AKS-Tool ist für ogame.de geschrieben und ermöglicht es mit kopieren und einfügen, die Verluste bei einem AKSflug genau zu berechnen. Ins linke Fenster kopieren und dann Berechnen drücken. Wichtig: Alles markieren und einfügen!
aksum	A general purpose &quot;bot&quot; that can be used on many different protocols including IRC, Oscar (AIM and ICQ) and others with support for multiple scripting languages to customize the bot to accomplish different purposes.
akt	The AKT project aims at making the kernel able to automatically tune the resources as it sees appropriate. NOTE: the AKT API has been moved to a new project called libtune (https://sourceforge.net/projects/libtune)
aktions	Aktions tracks, analyzes, and generates statistics of user-interaction with desktop-wide applications to help improve the overall user-interaction in KDE. Using several modular applications written in C++, we can clearly divide and execute our work.
aktivatetodo	Task Management ASP/SQL based Web Application for managing TODO&#039;s; grouped by project, user, priority, and completion date.
aktivemedia	AKtive Media is an ontology based cross-media annotation (Images and Text) system. Our goal is to automate the process of annoation by suggesting knowledge to the user in an interactive way while the user is annotating and hence minimizing user effort.
akul	Scripts in php (and sh)  to automate downloading of *relevant* patches for the linux kernel.
akula	C++ lightweight network framework that allows building ultrafast event-driven applications.
akurat	&quot;Universal&quot; www publishing system for central european countries. It can easy divide user rights for administrators without collisions.
akutan	Various quantitative finance algorithms in areas related to asset allocation and portfolio simulation.
akutus	Akutus is a Windows program to watch webcam without having to reload the image manually. Akutus is distributed with a small list of webcams user can choose from and can import webcam description from .cam files.
akvoid	AkVoid is a object-orientated, modular PHP IRC bot.
akwebdyn	AKWebDyn Designer is a Java tool that offers the possibility to create and deploy Dynamic Web pages,through a user-friendly GUI based on Drag n Drop capability.Developed at ESIB-USJ;Winner of the GoldenChip Awards 2004. Anthony Assi &amp; Jihad Khalil
al-cal-culator	Al-Cal-Culator helps homebrewers calculate % alcohol by weight and volume, calories and carbohydrates, and apparent attenuation of their homebrew. This program is not a recipe calculator. **Packages with with SRC in the name are source code releases.**
al-jwarizmi	A free software development for distributed production of multimedia contents on the Net, based on Pure Data, a realtime audio-video processing (graphical) programming environment: al-jwarizmi captures and mixes live streams produced by a bunch of peers
al-portal	Written in PHP with a MySQL back-end, the AL-Portal is designed for the purpose of providing a dynamic group-orientated media list management system allowing users within a group to publicly keep track of their various items.
al3d	Simple 3D rendering engine bound to rocks
al4java	A java binding for the OpenAL library
ala	Monitorea el IIS Log
alabastra	C++/QT Editor with hightlight, project managment. Writed with Qt V4
alacarte	Complete website software to manage and organize locations, types, hours of operation, and pricing of business in any given area to provide quick queries and results.
alacrity	Alacrity is a midi sequencer that runs on all known platforms.  Or at least platforms that wxWindows runs on.  It is a fork of the old Jazz++ midi sequencer.
alambic	Alambic is a music player. The goal is to implement nice features on a Windows platform using .NET framework 3.0. For example, database, OSD, lyrics, smart playlist... The .NET framework 3.0 will be use to provide a WPF (Windows Presentation Foundation)
alan-sgs	Alan - A System Generation System
alandemo	AlanDemo is a project run by the Alan community to create a comprehensive demonstration game for the Alan Interactive Fiction programming language (http://www.alanif.se).
alantra	Hospital Information Management System: An open source system for information management in hospitals
alarm	A.L.A.R.M. is A Laptop A/C Removal Monitor for Windows XP or later. If your workstation is locked and A/C power is being removed, it loudly plays a specified warning signal for theft protection. Slim, sound file can be specified.
alarm-x	A java based alarm clock with a skinned main window.  It can run files or play sounds at specific times and can handle any number of alarms in military time or am/pm style.
alarmas	Alarms supervison for Ericsson MD110 PBX
alarmbuddy	A (currently) Windows based alarm clock program for waking you up in the morning.  C++, Java
alarmme	This is a clock alarm which wakes you up by opening an audio or video file.  It is designed so you can (very) quickly reset the alarm for additional snooze sleep time.
alauda	Linux driver for Alauda-based USB flash media card readers.
alavuv2	Alavu is a SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) package. Acquires data at the rate of 1 sample/second for 10 minute interval. Provides different views for the acquired signal in IntervalMap, InstantMap and VirtualMap.
alba	The free alternative to albumwrap.This tool wraps a set of mp3 files into a single mp3 album, for ease of sharing on WinMx and similar programs. You can then extract the tracks back again.
albackup	ALBackup is a backup solution with is build on top of Rsyns and SSH. The backup data will be stored on a central backup server. There can be taken backup of any number of clients.
albanxx	AlbanXX is a C++ class library for developing applications with a graphical user interface. For now it wraps the native Windows 32-bit API and can easily be combined with native API programming. Along with the library comes various development tools.
albatrossdk	Software Development Kit and AlbaLib libraries for use with free Albatros 3D engine.
albert	Albert is a doc-generator for Common Lisp, comparable to Javadoc and Doxygen. Currently it generates DocBook documentation. It reads an ASDF system definition and documents the system.
albertliu	provides a PHP4 class package derived and hacked from advGraph to generate charts in Flash4 SWF format. The Ming PHP extension to SWF is used in this class package.
albion	Albion is a digital document archive presentation package.  Features include a searchable database, an integrated spell checker, and automatic thumbnail generation.  As native Perl as possible, the database/photos/search-function can be delivered on CD!
albion2	Albion 2 is an inofficial sequel of an old RPG called Albion (from 1996). It will be written in C++ and will be platform independent (but the main platforms are Linux and Windows). Our major aim is to create a great story and an atmosphere as in Albion.
albomb	Albomb is a music library focused around the concept of complete Albums. The interface puts the tactile nature of record/CD collecing back into the mp3 culture. Complete with an efficient library system, Albomb puts the LP back into MP3.
albot	ALBot is an IRC-Bot that enables you to send messages to offline buddies, plan events, play text based games, use XDCC and many more. Furthermore it is highly extensible and a lot more features are in progress.
album	Music tracks bundled together as albums, using existing open file formats, zip,xml,mp3/flac/ogg/au. Handling of album track list, track timing, track lyrics, album cover, lyrics, weblinks.
album-art	The Album Art Downloader is a program designed to make life easier for anyone who wishes to find and update their album art for their music collection. The sources for the pictures can be defined by creating plugin scripts.
album-php	album.php is a free, PHP based photo album script.
album4j	Java/JSP based Photo Album. Comments and enhancements are welcomed
albumbuilder	A java tool to generate static html photo album site from existing images, based on Apache Maven(maven.apache.org)
albumdotnet	An online photo gallery management script, written in C# and VB.NET, using Microsoft&#039;s .NET Framework.
albumer	Albumer is a PHP/MySQL photo album.  It can be set up for a single user or can support multiple accounts.  It automatically resizes images and creates thumbnails according to the user&#039;s preferences.  Images can be put into as many albums as the user
albumfotos	Photographic album developed in ASP.NET using C#, explores the directories of photos contained within another directory and it catalogues them.
albumgraber	AlbumGraber can be used in conjunction with any file sharing program to automate certain tasks relating to downloading all the files in an album. Finally, AlbumGraber renames the downloaded files to your specification.
albumi	Albumi is an easy to install &amp; use multilanguage web picture gallery. Features include thumbnail view, browse by directory/category/date, themes and powerful user management. Can be extended with special extensions (plugins). Albumi uses PHP and MySQ
albumine	Albumine is a music database program. It treats the music collection as a structured collection of albums, not a chaotic pool of songs. It also removes the need for boring repetitive work by automating the process of collecting data from albums.
albummaker	AlbumMaker is a very small and handy webbased Photoalbum and Gallery written in Perl. You can use it to make your pictures visible to your friends by internet and let them write some comments to each picture. Thumbnails are made automatic.
albumpl	Allows you to browse a directory tree and display all the images in it through a customizable HTML interface. Any new images added are automatically displayed in the photo album. Integrates with UBB/YaBB forums for user upload.
albumshaper	Album Shaper strives to be the most friendly, easy to use, cross platform application for organizing, annotating, framing, enhancing, stylizing, and sharing your digital photos.
alc900-cups	This project provides a LINUX CUPS package (incl. PPD-file) for the EPSON AcuLaser C900. It is built around the avasys pipsplus driver. The project supports i386 and 32-bit compatible x86_64 LINUX systems (deb/rpm/tgz/gentoo/slack).
alcad	A-Life CAD is a toolkit providing a graphical interface for designing autonomous agents that can be linked against an AI game engine. Though it focuses on creating boid-like behaviours, it can also be used for physical simulation or swarm optimisation.
alcaeus	This is the development area, where my MODs for phpBB and Kronos are hosted.
alcatelpcxrs	This little script is used to read call accounting and error data from an Alcatel PCX built in serial port, filtering along the way.  Hope to eventually be (or combine with) a call accounting system.
alcatool	Alcatool is a program to use with hacked Alcatel Speed Touch Home Modems with firmwares GSV7AA3.261 and 235 to manipulate port forwarding settings and other features of the modem without even entering a single line in the telnet command line. Use Alcatoo
alcatraz	A Safe Execution Environment for executing untrusted programs.
alcc	A lightweight modular web chat client with multiple user interface support.
alcedo	Alcedo Software Is a group trying to promote the widespread use of the Microsoft .Net Framework through series of Software Packages design to be useful to the Home user and as an example to Developer
alchemi	Alchemi is a .NET grid computing framework that allows you to painlessly aggregate the computing power of intranet and Internet-connected machines into a virtual supercomputer (computational grid) and to develop applications to run on the grid.
alchemist	ALCHEMIST is a Korg Trinity to Triton PCG and SNG converter. KORGLIB is a set of C libraries to access Trinity, Triton and Z1 PCG/SNG data.
alchemists-fire	Control application for animated Christmas light displays.  Includes scene editor, interactive control panel and playback programs.  Plug-in drivers for various light controller hardware.
alchemy	libalchemy
alchemy-art	Software suite including raster and vector graphics editors and publishing system.
alchemyautotrac	Font end Program to prepare images for Autotrace program by automated DOS alchemy routines and run DOS Autotrace commandline program http://autotrace.sourceforge.net for vectorisation the same way.  Also cleans tiff images for use with HDS Logcard progra
alchemycms	AlchemyCMS is an all-in-one Content Management System for Gaming and Software Development (Project hosting) websites, that uses an in depth points system for user access and permission based on site contributions rewarded with site &quot;currancy&quot;.
alchemysoap	AlchemySOAP is a C++ SOAP 1.1/1.2 protocol stack, licensed under the LGPL. It is fast, standards compliant, includes many automated unit/interop tests and other notable features (optional SSL and DOM support, etc.). AlchemySOAP is a fork of the EasySoap+
alchemywin	Alchemy is a small desktop system for Linux, Windows, DOS and Mac OS. Comes with its own scripting language for software development, user control (independent from the plataform) and networking support.
alchim	Alchim is a set of tools to help create and build java project: * alchim-builder : a build stack based on ant (1.5.x) + plugins + templates + convention. It&#039;s a deprecated tool, it&#039;s recommend that you use maven2 instead. * getset : a tool to a
alchms	Alchemy Map Studio is a Halo 2 Map editor. Planned to have great functionality, it will edit Halo 2 maps in the fashion that DotHalo and Entity would. No, its not planned to be one of the greatest out there, but it serves its purpose.
alco2	The ALCO research project
alcolix	A minimal linux rescue distribution with the goals of being small, compatible and very usable. Features as a cozy shell and a multitude of partition rescue/editing tools all based on up-to-date releases like 2.4.x kernel with USB support etc.
alcomacco	This project helds the documentation for the alcomacco project.
alcopop	alcopop - alert correlation processing pipeline - is a java framework for network data analysis
alcove	Alcove virtuelle is a phpgroupware application based on the phpgroupware calendar and adapted to suit the features required for our school: i.e. permission to send an item to other people according to their status.
alcplusbt	Project purposes: To create a bug tracking system for corporate networks ( not a web based bug tracking system ).
alcugs	Alcugs Project, is a set of game servers and tools that will allow you to host the world of Uru, and help in the administration of the current plasma servers. It also contains tools to create new content.
alde	ALDE is designed as a graphical user environment for Linux desktops. It includes a windowing system that runs on top of the Linux Framebuffer Device. ALDE provides C++/Java application framework which is fully object-oriented and easily extensible.
alder	Alder - is a DOM Tree component, written in JavaScript (AJAX). Supports dynamic content loading, and can use as content source (PHP,Perl,ASP,ASP.Net,JSP) script or XML file. Works in IE,Opera,Mozilla,Konqueror,Firefox,Safari. Appearance is set by CSS.
aldo	Aldo has moved to www.nongnu.org/aldo
aldocontent	AlDoContent is a lightweight CMS focused in usability and symplicity. Can manages site sections with public content and exclusive for especific suscribed member groups. File management, extensible via plugins and localization with gettext
aldor-combinat	Aldor-Combinat is an algebraic combinatorics library for Aldor
aldrin	Aldrin is an open source modular music sequencer/tracker for the GNU/Linux operating system. Aldrin is currently in beta stage and fully functional. Feel free to try and use it.
aldrsoft	Aldrsoft is a Open-Source PHP Game Development Group. Our current project is called &#039;Haven&#039; - A text based MMORPG derivied from an earlier attempt called &#039;Middle-Haven&#039; For detailed progress reports, please check http://aldrsoft.sourc
ale-tictactoe	A simple tic-tac-toe game programmed in the Java programming language. What?s different about this version of tic-tac-toe is that the program will ?learn? over time by playing against an opponent (i.e. a human) using different learning techniques.
ale4net	Ale4NET used dyn library call diversion to define networking at process level. This project has been dismissed. Now it is part of View-OS project: http://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/view-os. LWIPv6 user-mode IP stack latest releases are in View-OS, too
aleader	Aleader is a system for analyzing films for the purpose of measuring and increasing the assessment quotient -- a measure of how consistantly you can be a witness.
aleck	A complete communication system which aims to replace (or complete) most other existing systems. The goal is to enable text, audio and video conferencing, both in real-time  and asynchronous communication, and both one-to-one  and one-to-many.
aled	Al2 is a language, close to C++ and Java, designed for mathematicians and phycisists. It is interactive, but unlike Mathematica and Maple, it is procedural. Like C++, class operators can be defined. Like Java, there is no need for header files.
alefox	Alefox is the Alex Albrecht web browser. It is a mod for Mozilla Firefox and is only supported on Mac OS X.
alege	Web, Wap &amp; iMode Java J2SE/J2EE Lightweight Framework and Tools
alegre	This project aims to build a flexible outliner in the vein of the venerable organizer ECCO pro. The project will have easy organizational capabilities, arbitrarily defineable columns, and easy drag and drop organization.
alegria	Alegria is a multi-user, multi-langages php photoblog engine
alejandria-docs	General GNU/ Linux documentation howto&#039;s on installing various distributions, step by step with screenshots.
alekhine	The Alekhine Software is an dialog-based interface to perform a various range of tasks on a Free BSD operating system, due that its programed with a portable language, it&#039;s 90% functional on a GNU/Linux system.
alemula	a php gui for mldonkey p2p software, you can search , download, an cotrol your mldonkey
aleph	The Aleph project is a simple Web API for using an access control list composed of OpenIDs.
aleph-engine	A polymorphic, modular, scalable graphic engine for Windows based on DirectX and written in C++
aleph1	Aleph One is a highly sophisticated program for generating fractals. Some major features are: A built-in expression generator, 32-bit colouring schemes for the fractals, multi-threaded and multi-server rendering! WOW! And lots, lots more...
aleph2k	A realtime 2D action game with two players trying to kill each other, using an armada of different weapons. There is no top or bottom - instead a world with orbiting planets are simulated with our nice physics engine.
alephmodular	AlephModular seeks to bring Marathon into the present by making it clean, stable, and modular. With the ability for the parts to either be added to, in order to create new opportunites for customization for scenarios. Or to be used piecemeal to faciliate
alert-door	This is a door for any system to send alert to the enduser via webservice.
alert-interval	alert_interval is a set of experimental patches for libpcap and the snort IDS that add the ability to reopen logfiles at a specified time interval.
alerter	Alerter allows you to create and manage to-do lists ordered by time of completion and alerts you before time. Its a way to help you remember. Future plans are to have it store documents as well.
alerttail	alerttail tails a file and triggers events based on regex matching. Notify (libnotify), sys command, filtering and geoip localization actions are provided. Highly configurable via config file.
alescere-engine	AlescereEngine is a C++ class library which fully implements the core of a multi-threaded network services daemon, providing support for mutliple network protocols.  A server can be built by subclassing just two classes from the library.
alesimulator	The Automated Life Ecosystem Simulator is a microbe simulation environment developed in Java.
alest2	Alest 2 est un jeu de vaisseau spacial à l&#039;ancienne. But du jeu: tuer les méchants extraterrestres.
aletheia	Aletheia is wxWidgets-based Bible application. It allows you to look up and search scripture using the cleanest, most user-friendly graphical interface possible. I am not working on this project anymore, so if someone wants to take over, let me know.
alethia	Alethia is wxWidgets-based Bible application. It allows you to look up and search scripture using the cleanest, most user-friendly graphical interface possible.
alevolutions	A network game in which you evolve a swarm of amoeba to be resistant to antibodies, and then attempt to destroy enemy swarms by taking advantage of their evolutionary weaknesses.
alex	Alex (short for alexandria, the great library) aims to be a complete central-management solution for any network. At the heart is FDS/RHS/Iplanet. The project will focus on ubuntu for the time being, although it won&#039;t remain that way.
alexa-tr	A program that can be used to check the Traffic Ranking of a site through www.alexa.com. GUI based, coded in Delphi.
alexandreia	Java GUI Application for managing books, cds, dvds, etc. with online connection to amazon web service for media lookup.
alexandrerojkov	JDBCPersistence is an ORM framework that focuses on making programmer most effective by building on existing knowledge of SQL, JDBC APIs and avoiding unnecessary dependencies. It is very performant and easy to use.
alexandria	SourceForge.net provides free hosting for Open Source software development projects. This is the project used to support the SourceForge.net site and services. Source code formerly found here may now be found in the alexandria-dev project.
alexandria-dev	This is the project used in the development of the SourceForge Alexandria project
alexandria-ilib	Alexandria is a web-based application for managing and using a database of a book collection.
alexandriaarchv	Alexandria Archives permits to catalogue your files or directories on CD, Floppy disk, HD, ZIP disk, USB memory, etc. and search for them later.
alexandriabib	Alexandria.bib is a bibliography groupware web managment system. It manages the content of LaTex .bib files and share  bibliography between users. It is written in java.
alexandriagame	The Alexandria Project is a star-based MMORPG. Alexandria focuses on, &quot;knowledge is power.&quot; Nearly everything within the game can be scripted, and the game itself is designed around the idea of a warring and chaotic society.
alexandris	Object oriented PHP Framework written in PHP5. Focus on security, optimisation for speed and data uniquity, includes a internal Templating engine but compatible to others. almost configuration less. autoloading classes. caching of sql, output, classes.
alexautils	Alexa extensions to various gnu utilities
alexs-pythonmud	This is a MUD. Written in python. It is pretty eligble, considering it is wrtten by a kid. It has rooms, monsters, and objects. Lots of commands are already made for both playing and administrating. There is combat with both spells and fighting.
alf	Alf is a collection of tools for experimenting with Formal Languages. Alf is portable and easy to use. It has been developed at Politecnico di Milano.
alfa-bmf	This project contains global software and content developed by the ALFA gaming community (http://alandfaraway.org) for use within the framework of the NeverWinter Nights game engine and intended to serve as a common foundation for player world projects.
alfa-centauri	Alfa Centauri - is user friendly multiplatform twin panel file manager ,with powerful features.
alfa166unilink	Code to run on a Microchip PIC processor that will fool the Alfa 166 ICS into believing a CD Changer is actually connected.
alfacosmos	AlfaCosmos es lo más.
alfahakupdater	This tool automatically updates the Neverwinter Nights hak packs of the ALFA (A Land Far Away - www.alandfaraway.org) Persistent World. It is based on one of the public domain tools offered by the nwn-j3d sourceforge project.
alfandega	Alfandega is a strong and Modular IpTables Firewall. It provides NAT, port-forwarding, spoofing list, blacklist of crackers and spywares sites, protection for  tcp/udp scans, DOS/DDOS and Smurf attacks, TCP tuning, DHCP and PPP support and much more.
alfanetat	This project is the source code of the Alfanet Authoring Tool. The Alfanet Authoring Tool is an application that edits files of the IMS Learning Design standards that are used on Alfanet Project(adaptative e-learning framework)
alfaqtiautor	ALFANET QTIAuthor Tool provides course designers with a facility  to define metadata associated with pre-exiting items (QTI compliant) and generate dynamic assessments (tests) using selection &amp; ordering specification
alfaqtiengine	ALFANET QTI Engine  is an interpreter of IMS-QTI Specification. It provides an integrated tool for the presentation of tests (assessments) integrating one or more questions (items), and their evaluation providing the  corresponding results reports
alfaws	Alfaws is a customizable, multi-user game engine. Every object, character, &amp; room is programmed to respond to events. Players can customize their own event handlers, thus changing their fighting style or having their character behave as they would.
alfj	ALF, The Automated Logging Framework, is a native logging framework for Java with the unique advantage of supporting automated method tracing.  This platform-independent library allows developers to debug their applications quickly without adding code
alflac	FLAC audio support for Allegro.\n\nUsing the stream decoder module from libFLAC, this library provides easy support for decoding FLAC files inside your application. The library is designed for use with the Allegro game programming library.
alfred	Alfred, OpenSource Internet Software, is a collection of utilities that bring Quota support to SQUID. Alfred has been used in a large high school for several years now, and is working without a hitch.
alfredo	The goal is to develop a web server written in C. As an extra it wil have an embedded scripting language. The initial target platform is linux, but the final product should also run under windows.
alfresco	Alfresco is an open source enterprise content management repository and portlets (CMS) built by a team that includes the co-founder of Documentum. Its modular architecture uses the latest open src Java technologies: Spring, Hibernate, Lucene and JSF.
alfresco-crypt	Encryption plugin for Alfresco. Enables the user to crypt and decrypt (it handles the &#039;pkcs5&#039; MIME-type). This is a component of the IDX-eDOC project (OpenTrust suite), contributed by IDEALX
alfs	The Alfs is a log structured file system. A Log-structured file system is a technique for disk storage management where all modifications are written to the disk sequentially in a log-like structure, speeding up file writing performance &amp; crash recov
alfve	ALF is an agent system that employs several advanced and risky ideas: Processes as Haskell functions as autonomous agents; Standard XML ontology import; Multilevel emergence; Soft modeling; Concept lattices; Metaphoric visualization.
alg1	A C++ library which finds associations within sets of items, using a fast in-memory algorithm.
alg2help	A simple program written in python with some of the harder equations used in the standard Algebra II classes in High schools. more equations being added regularly.
algae	Algae is a programming language for numerical analysis.  We wrote it because we needed a fast and versatile tool, capable of handling large systems.  Algae has been applied to interesting problems in aerospace and related fields for more than a decade.
algebraagent	Algebra Agent is a simple light weight application for calculating values for algebraic functions and equations. I created the application while taking college math courses and wrote this application to solve some of the problems in the curriculum.
algebradb	AlgebraDB is database in Java. We are looking for volunteers which would like participate in this project as developers. We are planning to develop transaction system, network communication, simple GUI management system and SQL translation into AlgebraDB
algebrathor	A handy utillity for automatically simplifying and solving equations and expressions, not only ordinary arithmetic, but in the future also maths like Booles and others.
algebsql	This Software takes an text with algebra symbols and converts it to real sql, which then may be run with an extra database backend like mysql or postgresql.
algeops	Symbolic Algebra using Perl
algernon	project removed
algif	Algif is an addon to Allegro which allows reading/writing of .gif images with Allegro. It has full animation support and supports every 87a or 89a GIF, including 24bit support.
alglinpp	Libreria de templates para manejo de Álgebra lineal. Interface C++ para Lapack
algobrute	Most of the various hashing algorithms being used for password storage currently are not very secure. People have begun to use combinations of these algorithms as a workaround. This project aims to identify weak combinations.
algodat	Sort and binary tree algorithm for education
algodistr	Impl?mentation d&#039;une m?thode de calcul distribu? pour le jeu Othello
algol	ALGol c&#039;est un soft de partage de fichiers en temps réel .
algol68	Compiler and runtime for Algol 68
algomath	Algomath is a portable 32bit integer Arithmetic C Library with prime numbers and numbers manipulation algorithms. Optional fast assembly language alternatives (NASM source) for prime numbers time-critical functions are also included for the Intel-x86 ran
algorism	Algorism is a repository of implementation of all frequently used algorithms in C/C++
algorithmlib	An Algorithm Library written in .Net 2.0 which includes common algorithms.
algorythm	Algorythm- complete enterprise e-commerce solution, with a generic context aware application architecture.
algosatfreenode	We, the people from #algos@freenode are a community of programmers discussing general/explicit algorithms to improve our knowledges - We also organise general programming contests called &quot;Open Code Hacks&quot;, and those results (and others) are rel
algrafproject	Application for working with graphs
algt	Rotate columns and rows of tiles to uncover the original image.
algul	ALGUL is an addon to the Allegro library. It&#039;s goal is to provide its users with a way to use a simple XML-like input format to define the GUI layout. It should also work with user defined GUI elements and together with other GUI addons.
algviewer	AlgViewer allows navigation, editing and sharing  of diagnostic tree-like or scorecard algorithms.
alh	Atlantis Little Helper is a cross-platform client application for play by email (pbem) game of Atlantis. It is light-weight and intended to be as much compatible with different varieties of Atlantis 4 as possible.
alhambra	Industrial Maintenance System
alhavs	A Linux Home Audio Video System - ALHAVS is a multimedia platform for a homebrew multimedia system
alhemic	Port of game Atomic to Win32 platforms (old Commodore64 game - puting atoms to form molekules).
ali	Ali is a simple to use C API to parse XML data. It&#039;s scanf like approach is much easier than using SAX or DOM. A tutorial, complete reference documentation, and code examples are all available.
aliamir	Intelligent Robotic Arm Control with Graphical Recognition System
alias	Well known board game Alias. Player have to explain word to other player not mentioning it.
alias-ims	The goal of the project ALIAS is to develop an open source identity management system. The system helps users to manage any kind of data for any kind of application on a secure and platform-independent core.
aliasedit	A simple command line tool for editting and querying the global email alias file (usually /etc/aliases).
aliasgroup	The Alias Group BBIQ Programs project is a set of programs used to operate robots for the Buffalo Grove High School BattleBotsIQ robotics team.
aliashunter	Alias user detection system incorporating Artificial Intelligence for the Groupee &amp; phpBB range of forum software.
alibaba	Alibaba is a php-based web portal system that can be extended very easyly.
alibro	Alibro is a Mozilla Firefox extension providing alternative live commentary on fixtures of the Hattrick.
alibrowse	A browser for Ada source Libraries based on unit names instead of file names. Illustrates use of aflex, gnat library packages, GtkAda in a platform independant fashion.
alice	Yet another set of c++ wrappers for sqlite. Existing wrapper sets are thin and provide little additional value. These wrappers provide a higher level of abstraction.
alice4j	This project is an attempt to continue further development of Java version of Alice as it was originally developed by Dr. Richard S. Wallace.
alicebot	ALICE utilizes AIML (Artificial Intelligence Markup Language) to form responses to your questions and inputs. Unlike other commercial chat robot software costing thousands of dollars, ALICE is freely available under the terms of the GNU Public License
alicecms	ALiCE-CMS is a content management system - package using a MySQL Database written in PHP4.The idea is to create an easy understandable cms with support of the basic features required on standart websites.
alicia	Alicia(Advanced LInux Crash-dump Interactive Analyzer) is a tool that provides the effective environment &amp; interface to analyze  Linux crash dump with the power of Perl. New command to edit a dump can be written in perl. Given your script, Got know-h
alicq	Configurable and extendable Icq client written in Tcl/Tk. Supports ICQv8 (OSCAR) protocol.
alien-force-pas	Attempt to rewrite old windows game in pascal language with simple graph unit. Based on original alien force for win3.11
alien-shadows	Game development and porting projects (development in the shadows of Match Stick City)
alien13	Launcher:\nLauncher is designed to make launching applications, your favorite websites and searching the internet easier. When setup it can become a very useful program having all your favorite sites and programs in one location!
alienattack	Alien Attack is a side rolling shoot em up arcade game. There will be different kind of aliens, power ups, spaceships and levels. The starship can be upgraded with speed boost, shield and auto fire.
alienhunting	AlienHunting is a basic space arcade game in which player controls a super craft which hunts alien crafts using various weapons. Game is played againist AI. Please send me your comments: darkstar7619@hotmail.com
alienorweblibre	AlienorWeb Libre (AWL) is a data base for the museum. Produce by the CIRM (www.inter-regions.musees.org), AWL do the inventory of the object, body, place and photo. Conform to the french Law (&quot;loi musée&quot;)
aliens-adp	Aliens daoc member datenbank
alienu	Alien/U is a side scrolling arcade style 3D space shooter. It is currently under heavy development.
alif	GNU/Linux Distro which based on Debian LiveCD, as a free learning tools for Islamic educational purpose, Islamic Library, and Islamic Desktop, According to Al-Qur&#039;an, Shahihul Hadith, and the method of shahaba, tabi&#039;in, and tabiut tabi&#039;in.
alife	A suite of internet applications for Mac OS X 10.3 and later.
alifecontest	This project is aimed to the development of a framework for artificial life contests. The framework provides the main rules of the game, a graphical user interface and some examples of elementary microorganism.
alifegames	We distribute our first person shooter bSerene (a Direct3D-game with artificial life monsters) here and work towards launching our big project, the creation of true artificial intelligence.
alignmenteditor	Pumpkin is a cross-platform nucleotide and amino acid sequence alignment editor
alikokalba	Text to speech program. Lithuanian language. Lietuvi? kalbos sintezatoriai.
alimentum	Alimentum will sport a web-based driven user interface, where users can search and add their own recipes. The recipes could be your favorite cake, or why not your beloved tomato soup. Alimentum will store and provide the knowledge of greate taste.
alimp	ALIMP (A LIttle More Privacy) is a .NET C# software enabling users to easily cypher and de-cypher files on their computer using common algorithm (DES, 3DES, AES, ...) that are shipped with the .NET Frawemork.
alindis	Alindis - A GNU/Linux Distribution was to be a comprehensive guide leading the reader from zero to his/her own GNU/Linux distribution.  This is now a dead project. -- Felix
aline	A-line is an MPW/Perl-based build system for the development of Mac software which uses simple configuration files to automate construction, packaging, and distribution of software projects such as applications and code resources.
alink	A linker for MSDOS and MSWindows.
alink2	Saquirr&#039;s Plugins For Asheron&#039;s Call. Written in MS Visual Basic 6.0
alinotes	AliNotes is a software that allows (french) teachers to manage his students and his students&#039; results graphically and textually.It&#039;s made with Sharpdevelop,using ZedGraph and dotNetFirebird,but it&#039;s still at young state (not yet functionna
alinuoc	A user friendly graphical tool for sentence aligner of bilingual corpora.
alioth	The idea of Alioth is to create a multiplayer stock market simulation.
alipes	Alipes is a Java framework for notifying users when important events occur.   Suppose for example you are responsible for the automatic build process of a project then Alipes can keep you informed of the build status.
alipesmail	Basicly I&#039;m making this because there doesn&#039;t exist a GOOD mail client. Some are acceptable, but they all have bad things in my opinion. So here we go, I&#039;ll try to make it my own way, which is very different from the approach a lot of mua&
aliquest	AliQuest is a small tile-based RPG, currently under development
alis	Alis Recording Tool is a frontend for simultaneously capturing and recording audio using one or more soundcards as audio sources, as well as storing metadata for each recording. It is designed to be used during conferences, seminars, forums, etc.
alise	This project is part of the Platform Free initiative. Our goal is to develop a single API from which it will be possible to launch a virtual machine with any processor and hardware combination desired.
alison	Join me in writing a modular synthesizer that can be used on stage in a live gig situation. I&#039;ve done a lot of work that needs to be re-written anyway, but I think I&#039;ve done a pretty good job on setting the goals for this. Contact me if you are
alist	Alist is a program that collects hardware and software information about systems and stores it in a database for users to browse and search via a Web interface. The program consists of three parts: a client portion that collects the information, a daemon
alistmail	ASP/VBS Newsletter/Mailing List app. with browser-based opt-in, admin, and publication. Newsletter options include attachments, HTML/Plaintext format. Can use several ASP mailers (incl JMail, CDOSYS, CDONTS), and databases (incl MySQL, MSSql, Access).
alita	This project has to goal to build balanced/walking machines with the Lego Mindstorm NXT. It got its name from Yukito Kishiro&#039;s comix &quot;Battel Angle - Alita&quot;.
alivar	This project will produce a meal managment system, which will hold recipes, meal plans, calendar of meals, grocery list, etc.  This system will be written using Flash, PHP and a mySQL server.
alive	An AI sandbox for learning game programming. It includes an integrated development environment, and functionality for rapid development of virtual characters.
alive-engine	This is an isometric engine.\nIn this engine the goal is to build an isometric environment ecosystem, that could be used in games and scientific researchs of ecologists and computer scientists.\nThe first use of this engine is the web-of-life game.
alived	A simple daemon and client for sending keepalive messages.  The server keeps a list of hostname to IP address, useful for when a remote DHCP client changes IP addresses.
aliveie	Archive dead IE favorites and delete duplicates
alivejournal	AliveJournal -the  LiveJournal client for BeOS.
alivesnmp	SNMP Library written in C#
alivestatus	Significantly increased functionality to Apache&#039;s server-status page using AJAX and PHP.
aliviar	Aliviar Componentes facilitate development of web-appendices, removing with the developer necessity for a writing of scripts for trivial problems, such as archiving, sending of e-mail, etc
alkali	A lightweight java based web services toolkit, with the idea being handing the headers and body of a SOAP message to SAX parsers for handling.
alkaline	A complete web-based system to build a headless MP3 Jukebox, using Perl, PHP4 and MySQL.  The focus of the project is ease of use, aesthetics, and a well designed user-interface. Much of the project has been completed, and is in use by the author, it inc
alkalinephp	AlkalinePHP is a complete site-engine including site-user management, internal messaging, news posting, forums, site skinning/themes, and the ability to add future plugins/components.
alkhawarezmi	This project objective is to have a complete FEDORA FC2 BASED arabic enabled OS. This requires a lot of arabization and BIDI screen handling. Besides a set of arabic packages and tools should be rewritten.
alki	Alki is a powerful, collaborative text editor based on Wiki Wiki and developed with Ruby on Rails. Alki provides an advanced user hierarchy, rich text editing, simple revision tracking, and commenting, all wrapped in a beautiful and intuitive interface.
alkimia	System that permits virtual syntegrization based on the Stafford Beer&#039;s &quot;Team syntegration&quot;. Sistema que permite syntegrizaciones virtuales basadas en la &quot;Team Syntegrity &quot; de Stafford Beer.
alkottab	Application for help in memorizing the hole quran by making exams for users in their memorized parts
all	The LinuxLister is listing goods in the German auction house amprice. Its purpose is to give a comfortable GUI to its users. It exports/ imports csv-lists and allows to fill in comfortably all needed fields, e.g. the description of the good to be sold.
all-my-docs	Manage all your recently used files, folders and even applications and have them just a click away. You can create categories to organize your files and find a specific file by using the search.
all-plasm	Eclipse plugin opengl plasm interface.
all-remote	Grid computing system.
all2mp3	cd riper, cd to mp3, record sound to mp3.
all4one	All For One is a Furcadia server compatible proxy server, allowing multiple users to control a single character using a Furcadia client.
allacrost	Hero of Allacrost is a single-player 2D role playing game available for Linux, BSD, Windows, and OS X.
allamania	Gtk-based software allowing to design interior architecture (walls, furniture and so on).
allbib	a Perl script, with a Gtk GUI, that helps with bibliography maintenance. It can append, delete, check for duplicate keys, search, including regexp search, split files, and output selected records as LaTeX bibitems
allcharities	The Email Marketing Campaign (EMC) for www.allcharities.org promotes charities and the causes they support by coupling funny images with charity specific information.
allchars	AllChars provides a quick, easy-to-remember way of creating accents like é Ü ç î æ and special characters like  ²  © £ ± ß ° 1/2 ¿ « »   in most Windows programs. AllChars emulates the *nix Compose key on Windows.
allcity	A game like no other, where the players goal is to become All City King by painting their graffiti in the most daring places, without getting caught by the authorities or rivals.
allcommerce	AllCommerce, an ecommerce and fulfilment system provides a Web-based administrator to access inventory and order information. Modules include content, order, inventory and promotions. It&#039;s written in Perl and supports MySQL, PostgreSQL or Oracle.
alldap	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
allday	AllDay is an application to manage, display and print calendrical and astronomical information such as different calendar systems, holidays, sun and moon. It is a true calendar rather than a scheduler.
alldayfixer	All-Day Fixer is a very specific program: It fixes sync problems of all-day events between iSync/iCal and some mobile phones from Sony Ericsson.
alldms	Database monitoring system
alle-immobilien	Compilation of PHP scripts to harvest and display real estate properties (immobilien) from different portals.
allefant	Allefant is the main character of these games. As librarian of the great Allegro library, the Allefant is always busy keeping it up to date and in good condition - and defending it against the evil Allegators, who are trying to bring unorder to it.
alleg	Allegro is a cross-platform library intended for use in computer games and other types of multimedia programming.
alleg-gui-api	AGUI will take GUI programming for the Allegro library to another level. IT will greatly simplify and speed up GUI programming with the Allegro library.
alleg3dproj	This project is actually several projects made as a 3d graphics graduation project, everything was made with allegro with little or no use of external libraries, everything had to be written from scratch. Featuring Light Maps, Shadows and more.
allegator	Alex the Allegator is a series of games featuring everything from puzzle games to racing and platform jump n runs. The Alex games are provided with full source and are compileable on every platofrm that Allegro supports.
allegfaz	Allegiance is a team-oriented online multiplayer space combat simulation with real-time strategy (RTS) elements. It could be described as a much-improved &quot;X-Wing vs. Tie-Fighter.&quot; Whereas most multiplayer online games have a very simplistic con
allegimmicks	A collection of little C/C++ programs that use the Allegro library for some nice graphic effects (oscilator, fontconverter, textprinting effects, logger, etc). These can also be included in your own Allegro projects.
allegory	Allegory is a tool for electronic music. It consists of a small library of Haskell definitions that can be used to create, explore, and refine developmental/variation relationships between diverse sound materials.   Csound required as realisation engine.
allegro	Allegro Midi Player is a midi player. It can play an arbitrary number of .mid files, and shows the midi being played in real time in various graphical representations, like piano keys or musical notes.
allegro-pas	Allegro.pas is a wrapper to use Allegro with Pascal compilers (Delphi, Free Pascal, etc).\n\nAllegro is a cross-platform library intended for use in computer games and other types of multimedia programming.
allegrogl	AllegroGL is a small library intended to allow Allegro applications to use OpenGL in Unix, Windows, Mac OS X and DOS.
allegroo	AllegrOO tries to encapsulate the Allegro Library (http://www.talula.demon.co.uk/allegro/), which was originally written in C, into a modern C++ Object Oriented Design. That&#039;s it.
allegropro	AllegroPro is a cross-platform 2D game programming library that provides access to powerful hardware accelerated features, including OpenGL acceleration, for 2D graphics, input, audio, and file access.
allegroserve	AllegroServe (formerly Allegro iServe) is a webserver developed for use with Allegro Common Lisp. Supporting the HTTP  0.9, 1.0, and 1.1 protocols, it can serve dynamic pages using an HTML generator facility.
allegrotools	GreaseMonkey userscript extending functionality of Allegro.pl
allegrt	AllegRT is a 3D engine for making games based on 3D realtime raytracing for realistic results. It is based on and designed to work with Allegro.
allergen	A prolog based expert system for a class project at UBC. The expert system is a natural language interface to a knowledge base about food allergies.
alleyoop	Alleyoop is a GNOME front-end to the Valgrind memory checker
allgames	holdem, omaha, stud, 32 cards. All kinds of poker. Game and tounaments. Multiplayer.
alliance	Alliance Productions was started in early 2000 by Kazan as a publishng name for his utilities and campaign for FreeSpace 2. Now it has evolved into the publishing name for all projects started by him.
alliancecad	Alliance CAD System is a free set of EDA tools and portable cell libraries for VLSI design. It covers the design flow from VHDL up to layout. It includes VHDL simulator, RTL synthesis, place and route, netlist extractor, DRC,  layout editor.
alliancedb	Alliance Database for OGame
alliancedepot	Management/statistics software for OGame users, and alliances conformed by them.
allianceless	This project is to develop a battle calculator for a web-based browser game called &quot;Star-Fury&quot;. It&#039;s purpose is to simplify the calculating tasks that are needed in order to determine attacks.
alliancep2p	Alliance takes the best from BitTorrent and Direct Connect and creates a decentralized and secure p2p network. It is a private and secure environment to share files and communicate with people you know. Alliance works on Windows, Linux and Mac.
alliances	Package of tools designed to facilitate the development of language independent, OS independent web applications.
alligator	GTK# RSS aggregator [newsreader]
alligator-cl	A high-level interpreted, precompiled, web-optimized programming language
allina	PHP and PostgreSQL based software with polish interface for managing online auctions. Based on bidding in Allegro system
allinone	Allin1 is a dock applet for FluxBox, BlackBox,WMaker and other WM which monitors CPU load, memory and swap usage, battery and power status, disk space, ethernet/PPP interfaces and Seti@Home progress bar.
alllib	AllLib - library to extend standard Delphi 3-7 libraries functionality (types, converting, lists, files, threads, windows, databases, sockets, scripts, sysinfo, graphics, cryptography based on CryptoAPI/Crypto-PRO/Signal-COM)
allmaker	This is a project for making allgoritm easily . You can draw your flow chart by using this program
allmighty	Allmighty is a perl IRC bot which has been forked from the Pipsqueek Perl IRC bot, available from http://www.pipsqueek.net. Allmight is a Entirely different in the concept that it is a channel bot instead of just being a help bot.
allmovies	Manage your video or movie collection in an easy to access web format with this simple web application.  Keep track of your video inventory and share your titles with friends.  \n\nUse as finished product, or foundation for further development.
allnetwlan	A new Modul as a driver for the Allnet Wireless PCI Card for Linuxkernel 2.4 and 2.6
allocpsa	allocPSA is the premier open source Professional Services Automation suite. It is a complete organisation-wide business solution that attempts to integrate all practice groups &amp; functions of a professional services company, into a single computer sys
alloff	A PalmOS version of the popluar L*ghts O*t handheld game.  Completely free and released under GPL.
allomai	Compiler and framework for running EJB 3 compliant code as Spring Beans.
alloria	A game based loosely on the Final Fantasy Series of game styles
alloy	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
alloymux	AlloyMUX is an extension to the TinyMUX 2.2 Code. The original ideas behind AlloyMUX (formerly AlloyMUSH) are credited to Jesse McGrew (current contact information unknown). TinyMUX code provided by Stephen Dennis.
alloyoneclipse	This is an attempt to provide a more user-friendly editor using the eclipse platform for the alloy language. Please see MIT&#039;s Alloy website for any questions regarding the language (alloy.mit.edu).
allt4c	All T4C add a lot of option for T4C, like spells informations &quot;in game&quot;, screens shoots, winamp control &quot;in game&quot;, a launcher, ... You can choose your language, between french or english, for All T4C and for informations about T4C.
alltaskmanager	A simple task manager for single or multiple users (SQL) with a PHP or Java Swing GUI.
allting	Web based Chatting with Web Conference
alltoavi	A program that batch convert ogm, mkv to avi, with subtitle and audio track selection, video resizing, bitrate selection and codec selection. It is centered around mencoder, with a commandline tool as well as a GUI for Window
alltunes	allTunes is an audible interface for the iTunes for Windows media player. This software is targetted mainly for use of by blind or visually-impaired users.
allusions	Laughing Man -- a web page monitor tool -- Fat Cat -- A zap 2 it xml TV listings getter
allyjack	Allyjack is a bunch of simple patterns and code to do rich, acessible ajax based web development.  Websites can be rich and interactive while still being accesible.  Allyjack is one way to make it so.
allyourbuilds	All Your Builds is (yet another) tool for building software projects. It emerged out of the frustration caused by the other build systems out there. It aims to be powerful, easy to use and straight to the point. And world peace.
alma	a multimedia framework/media server for linux desgned to allow applications to easily make use of audio, video, and UI features regardless of hardware.
alma-zen-sky	A New Model &lt;AlmaZenSky&gt; As An Reactive And Deliberative(2) Agents Communication Language.
almadraproject	Deadly Secrets (working title) is a story of a boy who&#039;s life is destroyed at a young age.  This game uses the Ogre3D graphics engine and features a new style of battle that acts very much like a fast-paced 2D fighter.
almafuerte	The basic goal of this system is to be able to connect two lines ADSL under linux and to obtain a speed product of the sum of the two lines.
almagest	A multimedia database system comprised of a relational database and a web-based user interface, written in Java, JSP and PL/SQL.  It features various searching capabilities and the ability to arrange media items into stored groupings.
almagnam	A simple food ordering web application. It&#039;s especially tought for schools, conferences, seminars. It provides automatic per-classroom check-out with custom meal time. Multiple food delivery providers are supported.
almail	This program sends multipart e-mail messages to a list. The list file can specify a to-address, to-name, from-address, from-name, subject and mergers. The program is written using a few Ruby classes which can be used for similiar projects.
almake	This is a group of makefile scripts and templates that helps the developer and end-user to configure, update, and build Allegro/AllegroGL/etc projects, on many platforms, and with different compilers, in a easy way (just type &quot;make&quot; and it will
almalert	advanced alarm for n-gage game desk.
almanak	almanak is a collection of blogs and news sources administrated by a site manager. The administrator selects the blogs (s)he wants to collect into her/his site and adds other components to it like calendars, forums, etc.
almara	Picture viewer/editor. It is intended mainly for quick and easy digital photos manipulation. Optimized for minimal amount of keypresses. Planned features include working with groups of pictures, undo/redo, Motion JPEG support.
almas	Almas Designer is a dialog editor for wxWidgets. It&#039;s a sizer based RAD tool for wxWidgets with code generation which allows you to develop wxWidgets programs more easily.
almasys	PHP system for managing projects stored in localhost directory of your Apache server. The system allows you to see a list of all your projects whenever you navigate your browser to your localhost. It also allows you to change projects&#039; descriptions.
almayce	Almayce is intending to be cross-platform AVI file information reader and parser, with an ability to print out info according to given templates.
almighty	An MMORPG, In development, written in Visual c++ and Direct X 9.0
almo3arrib	Tool that allow writing Arabic text with Arabic character, using a Latin keyboard
almonaster	Almonaster is a turn-based multi-player war game. It is free for all players and comes with absolutely no warranty. The game is fully web-based and requires no downloads, Javascript, Java or ActiveX controls.
almond-game	An internet-playable board game for several players: Throw almonds and let them bounce from a stone to let them fall into the right places of the board. Hit the blue diamond to end the game.
almostateacher	Learn Software
almsuite	ALM Suite is an integrated change management suite primarily, but not solely, for developers. It integrates mutiple best of breed OSS developement tools into a single package. These include Subversion, RT, CruiseControl and XPlanner
almuists	A development environment, where the specifications (language, gui system, ...) and the look (wysiwyg, ...) are entirely external to the program. The specifications are made with the Amool language, allowing to add support for a language/gui system easil
aln2dist	aln2dist is a standalone program that uses a multiple sequence alignment to calculate a set of distance matrices and a set of distance restraints (lower and upper bounds). Also require the pdb structure files of homologous proteins to be used as models.
alo	Alo is the easy way to write XML data from C programs.
aloa	Aloa provide log monitoring for DMZ servers. It installs agents to centralize log information from DMZ servers. Connections are established from LAN to DMZ via TCP tunelling. Aloha provides log analysis, using rules and semi-automated learning procedure.
aloa-lint	ALOA processes output generated by PC-Lint and computes various useful metrics.
aloe	Aloe is a simple scripting language written in C++, mostly intended for use on GNU/Linux and other UNIX like operating systems. Mac OS X has a UNIX API so Aloe should work on it as well. There is also a port to MS Windows, using the win32 API.
alog	Alog is a logging package wrapper for preventing vendor lock in.
alogfilter	ALogfilter is a tool for performing ad-hoc filtering of apache website log files.
alogview	LogView helps manage multiple log files for easy viewing and filtering.
aloha	Ambiente de aprendizado virtual para os professores e alunos da Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina utilizando-se de tecnologias open-source e da metodologia de desenvolvimento de processos ágil EasyProcess.
alohacms	A java servlet based content management system. Its main feature is ease of use, thus enabling fast buidling and maintainance of large information sites.
alohats	The Aloha Transaction Server is a stand alone TCP/IP based server written in and for Tiny COBOL.
aloma	The &#039;A&#039;cademic FLOSS -Free/Libre/Open Source Software Deve&#039;lo&#039;pment in Higher Education- collaborative environment/content &#039;ma&#039;nagement system.
alongtheriver	Along the river is an Open Source 3D action game written in Python and implemented with PyOgre, PyOde and Pygame.
alopex	Alopex is a Firefox plugin that assists you in reporting spam to SpamCop, FTC, etc. by interfacing with your web-based email service. Alopex helps you aggressively report spam so that the appropriate authorities can stop it from being sent.
aloter	Multi-Language Logistic System with Accunting, trading, inventory module support.  JSP with Struts, MySQL will be used as backend database.
alox	Alo is an abbreviation for \\&quot;Austrian literature online\\&quot;. Alo describes a group of Austiran University Organizations dedicated to digital digitization and digital preservation. A goal of Alo is to develop a generic solution to store any kind o
aloyscore	Aloys Core Framework is a framework for Internet applications written in PHP/SQL (including mySQL). AloysCore gives all classes for dispatching modules calls, manage various environment variables, deal with multilingual texts, and access various datasour
alp	Administer your LAN Party efficiently with Autonomous LAN Party (ALP)!  This LAN Party management software package has support for Single Elimination (and Free for All), Consolation, Double Elimination, and Round Robin tournament types.
alpaca	Alpaca is a programmable rich-text editor for authors using Mac OS X. It is built on, and programmable in, Common Lisp, and has a complete Common Lisp programming environment built into it.
alpaga	Alpaga - a library of fast and accurate mathematical functions, written in PowerPC assembly.
alpaka	Alpaka Project is an attempt to provide the community with an elegant, modern, bug free, easy-to-use vulnerability assessment platform. It&#039;s main mission is to be scalable and fast.
alperl	Perl bindings for the Allegro Low Level Game Routines library
alpes	Maybe the easiest client born to permit you to send mail in an easy way.\nBuilt fully in .NET 2.0 it is Windows Vista Ready. In fact it has been initially developed under Windows XP, but was only for me. Now you can use it that is native for Windows Vista
alph	alph implements and analyses historical and traditional c(ai)phers providing a pipe interface in order to encrypt and decrypt block text. The program can be conjuncted with pipes reulting in transparent en-decrypt: Atbash,Caesar,Vigenere,Playfair,Vernam.
alpha-better	Color Expansion board game, built on generic minimax algorithm. This program is a member of Color Expansion AI&#039;s contest.
alpha-office	Alpha-Office is an office suite written in Just BASIC to offer an easy to use set of tools for anyone who has need of them.  The suite will include: A Task Manager, Graphics Program, Spreadsheet, Notepad Clone, Wordpad Clone, and much more.
alpha-shell	An open source distributed computing environment intended for general public use.
alpha-waves	A GPL&#039;ed rewrite in C++ of one of the very first 3D videogames (see http://www.mobygames.com/game/sheet/gameId,939 for the original). But this is not a Wolfestein / Duke Nukem kind of game...
alphabeta	Alpha - Beta algorithm and an item estimation in games such as Checkers, the Chess, Tic-tac-toe.
alphabetter	Alpha Better! is fast implementation of minimax/alphabeta for Win32.a
alphablogger	AlphaBlogger is a free, open-source blogger that is designed to be user-friendly and customizable in nature. AlphaBlogger includes a full-featured blogger as well as a link manager and unlimited custom pages.
alphacms	AlphaCMS is designed as a Dynamics CMS(Content Management System) which will be implemented by using J2EE (without EJB), ASP.NET and PHP. The main object of this project is to compare these different CGI languages and test their performance.
alphaeditor	Alpha Editor is a Windows based text editor designed to make the creation and use of batch files by administrators easier. Alpha editor includes built in coding for login script creation.
alphaledjavasdk	A library exposing the functionality of Adaptive Micro Systems ALPHA series of LED signs.  The library is written in Java and can communicate to the LED signs over ethernet or serial connections.
alphalogic	Alphalogic provides a variety of games and applications for disabled persons, related to sensorimotor awakening, communication and autonomy.
alphamail	AlphaMail is an accelerated web mail interface with a C++ middleware layer that is more effective than an IMAP proxy which is a highly scalable (10k+ users). The interface includes modern features, Section 508 compliance, and universal browser support.
alphamatrix	VisualBasic-based Expandable Windows Explorer/Shell Replacement
alphaminer	AlphaMiner is an open source data mining platform that offers versatile data mining model building and data cleansing features with an user friendly workflow interface.
alphanavbarjstl	The Alphabetical Navigation Bar Java Display Tag Library, &lt;nav:alphanavbar:*&gt;, creates an alphabetic navigation bar, by slicing and dicing string data stored in a java.util.List object into 26 alphabetically sub list.
alphapagtag	The Alpha Pag Tag is an open source taglib (designed to extend the displaytag lib) that adds list paggination abilities into your Jsp.
alphaproject	32-bit MS Windows (NT/2000/XP)
alphard	Materials simulation software designed for studying atomic ordering, especially in alloys.
alpharms	Alpha intends to be a complete requirement management system. You can associate  requirements, docs, use cases, glossary terms and have a tracebility view about the impact of changes on your project. You can generate full reports.
alphashooter	A single-player 3D FPS game with a sci-fi setting, multi-platform support, trivial particles and collision detection system, dynamic lighting effects and a shooting practice mini-game, written in C with OpenGL and GLUT.
alphasoft	alphaSoft Editors are a set of editors for specific tasks: the first projects are dos-batch editor, jscript editor and source-code snippets editor.
alphatomorrow	A First Person Shooter based around famous World War II battles.  The focus will be on team oriented gameplay, with large assualts, and intense combat.  Project Alpha Tomorrow will be programmed in C++, using the NeoEngine.
alphawebs	Create a dynamic, PHP MySQL based website.\nBlogs, message boards and much more!
alphawindows	Alpha-Windows is a new graphic server like XFree86 on Linux working with a new modular system. We want to integrate complex libs written in C++ and new graphic libs for a faster port of win games and many many more ...
alphons	AlPhoNS is an advanced web based photo gallery, written in Perl and using the MySQL database. Supports user authentification, album permissions, nested abums. Automatically converts from major image types, resizes the photos and creates tumbnails.
alpine	The Alpine Network is a peer based application and network infrastructure designed for distributed resouce location, including file/data transfer.  Alpine attempts to resolve the distributed search/sharing problem using an efficient messaging system.
alpineftk	The Alpine Financial Toolkit is a program to help see the big picture. It allows users to see their assets in a compact, meaningful form while still providing powerful tools to organize and plan for the future.
alpmp3	ATMEL AVR and FOX Board based OpenSource MP3 Players
alpng	Library for loading PNG files for the Allegro library. Does not depend on libpng nor zlib (however can take advantage of zlib if installed).
alpp	OpenAL++ is an object oriented API for spatial sound, built on top of OpenAL. It also uses OpenThreads and PortAudio to give easy to use, portable support using input devices. By using smart pointers, memory allocation problems are held down to a minimum
alquiplussg	AlquiPlus SG es una aplicación de gestión de control de alquiler y venta de material, incluyendo gestión de almacen, pedidos, albaranes, facturación y cobros, enlazando con ContaPlus. Está especialmente pensada para el sector del Andamio.
alr-encrypt	encrypt is a small application which has been designed, from the beginning, to be as simple to use as can be and have the smallest file size possible. It has been written in C as to allow the source to be ported to many different operating systems.
alr-remove	remove has been designed along the same path as encrypt. To have a small file size, to be easy and simple to use. It has been written in C as to allow the source to be ported to many different operating systems.
alrath	A turn based strategy game with a similar look and feel to a fantasy table top battles. You can battle against a friend (locally), in a league or in a massive multiplayer campaign. The players will access the game via their web browsers.
alrebat	This project aims to write a kernel which support Arabic writing/displaying inside the kernel itself , as well as other functionality.
als	Allegro Simplificator is a C++ wrapper for the multimedia library Allegro. It provides classes for most Allegro functions and adds some new functionality (cross-platform networking). It comes with some examples and extensive documentation.
alsa	The Advanced Linux Sound Architecture is composed of several parts: sound driver, sound library and sound utilities and tools. The aim of this project is to offer a complete audio solution for the Linux operating system.
alsa-eq-plugin	This is equalizer plugin for alsa providing some extra futures.
alsa-nyser	This project will try to develop an audio analyser which displays several informations as phase in 2 ways (1 dimensional and 2 dimensional), waves shapes, spectrogram in full range and by 1/3 octavia with the value of the current peak frequency, and mete
alsamodular	AlsaModularSynth is a MIDI controlled realtime modular synthesizer and effect processor with support for LADSPA and JACK.
alsaplayer	AlsaPlayer is a new type of PCM player. It is heavily multi-threaded and tries to excercise the ALSA library and driver quite a bit. It has some very interesting features unique to Linux/Unix players.
alsedo-sd	Alsedo Support Desk System (AktivHelp) is a web-based helpdesk application that allows for the exchange of information between users and their service provider (for example an IT helpdesk and their end-users).
alsim	A &quot;real world&quot; simulator, where we could be who we wants to be. This is a server-based game where we can meet other people, and live freely (or not), like in the real world. We can experiment with human relations, politics, love and other human
alss	ALSS is a slim linkmanagement plugin that enables your guests to automatically buy links on your website. It can be implementet on any php site. I advise everyone to take a look at the code and post bugs in our bugtracker and also write in our forum.
alster	Alster is a unit testing framework for XSLT files written in XSLT itself (but with a dependency on Nalax, an XSLT extension package for Apache Xalan-J).
alsus-engine	The Alsus Multimedia Engine, being developed by Alsus Entertainment, is an open-source engine for use primarily in game development.  It utilizes Direct3D and FMod (eventually DirectSound) for graphics and audio respectively.
alt-geco	Competitors analysis for marketing bachmarks
alt-ide	Alt-IDE is a Lua powered scriptable IDE. It provides the possibility to add support for any compiler! For the latest news and versions please visit the alt-ide website at www.alt-ide.net as updates on SF.net are sparse!
alt-js-glossary	This is a javascript based glossary tool. Its purpose is to give info on subject specific words the visitor finds along website text or in a words list. It must run entirely on the client side, (no need for server side scripts). PHP will be optional.
alt-search	This is a project implemented to build a parallel text search system with the main emphasize being placed on searching for the provided query within the shortest possible time.  The query will be searched within the GigaWord corpus.
alt4	alt4 - a project to create an open source alternative to (Land) Rover&#039;s Testbook / T4 Diagnostic System.
altaxo	Altaxo is a data manipulation and plotting programm written in C# for MS.NET. It is featuring worksheet views and plot views, a script language (currently C#) for data processing and automation, import of data from ASCII files or from images, export of d
altbinos	An opensource software used to download linked files of the usenet articles.
altcant	This is a Windows applet that will load a URL from the clipboard, perform various shortening functions, add tools, and modify it in other ways as the user chooses, and then send it back to the clipboard. Handy when needing to be anonymous, wanting to con
altcaps	A 3d graphics engine that utilizes a very minimalist approach to usage.
altcobaltfp	Alternative Cobalt Front Panel for Cobalt Raq servers. Customizable configuration to run custom commands using the front menu buttons.
altctrldel	Look alike of Task Manager (like Windoze Me). Written in tcl/tk - displays the processes from which you can select one ( or many) and press the kill button. You can also Halt ,reboot lock and suspend monitor. Should be linked to alt+ctrl+del hotkeys.
alter-ego	This project is a MMORPG wich is part of a computer science course at Paul Sabatier University. It consists in an online multiplayer game coded in Java and VRML. The theme remains undefined yet.
alter-info	Alter-Info is based on the semantic web concept and its purpose is to offers a suggestion of choosen &quot;disinformation&quot; articles. People just have to express their preferences and the application will elaborate which articles may interest the use
alter-life	The intent is to create a reality based on an original set of physics and chemistry. The system is skill based and uses behavioral routines instead of scripting for interaction. The effect should be an environment geared for the HARD CORE role player.
alteraterra	Altera Terra is a Civ-like turn-based strategy game, mainly designed for easy extensibility. Still in the first stages of development, there already is a version you can take a peek at.
alterchat	Alter Chat is a standalone HTTP chat server written in Java. It provides you to create  chat roons to your website needing only JRE and simple configuration to run.
alterciv	Further development of ideas of (Sid Meyer&#039;s) Civilization.. Incremental, multivariable, with modelling of global scope of history -- strategy game.
alteregos	Alter Egos is a Java framework meant to allow programmers to build agents with specialized knowledge, AI abilities, or to encapsulate other java libraries. As a platform, egos can be built to use each other to simplify the creation of complex agents.
alterfinance	?????? ???????? ???????????
alteria	This was going to be  a 3D CRPG written in c++, now it will probably be some sort of CRPG written in C# with DriectX 9.
alternate-mra	Alternate for Mail.Ru Agent
alternatif	Bju psroje esrp ürsünü gseli?tirme asmaçl? bkir pjrojedir. ixlk ba?ta KxOBxI lxeri h?edefliyor... Anlad?n sen onu...
alternatives	Yet another implementation of Debian alternatives system
alternators	Collection of Alternators from alter.ro. Alternative image slideshow utilities.
altexim	This project is created by Altex Information Systems. This is an open-source (os) peer-to-peer (p2p) application that one may use to provide safe transition of information. Our goal is to create a video conferencing software.
altexnn	Altex IS Nueral Network Project Page. Our NN is designed to run as a .dll for .NET and as several Stand-Alone Applications that will run as Artificially Intelligent Agents.
althea	An IMAP E-mail client for X-Windows written with GTK. Supports IMAP with and without SSL.
altiosamples	Altio samples and techlets. AltioLive is a platform for building and deploying rich, interactive applications that look and feel much like traditional desktop applications yet run with the convenience of a web page in a browser.
altmbox	This is a nice-looks control, which may be used instead of system MessageBox. It has a few built-in styles and it is possible to create new or to manage the existing ones.
altogather	Altogather is an automatic inventory system comprising a WMI-based agent, an ODBC-compliant daemon and a full-featured browser, aimed to help system administrators to have precise knowledge of their network&#039;s hardware and software resources.
altogether	Altogether is a microcode-level simulator of the Xerox Alto IIXM personal workstation.
altproject	ALT Project is based on the idea that there can be no true A.I., but with a minimal knowledge base a program/machine can grow and learn just like an human. We hope to start a program which people may connect to via telnet and the web to help ALT learn
altrmi-plugins	Plugins for Apache&#039;s AltRMI tool. AltRMI is a transparent RPC mechanism for Java. It is entirely pluggable in terms of transports and proxy generators.
alttender	alttender will be a web based tender and job vacancy alert system. Opportunities will be uploaded by advertisers and be made available to potential employees and contractors via email or online. It is aimed at not-for-profit sector network support organi
altwiki	A fork of TWiki, a GPLed wiki, with improved documentation and features.
alucard	A C++ based IRCBot
aluminum	Aluminum is an open source yahoo chat client inspired by Zinc (http://zinc.sourceforge.net/) written in PERL.
alumni	ALUMNI is a web interface to MySQL, adaptable to other DBs. Designed for high schools, school districts, colleges, reunion websites. Person can have multiple schools attached to acct. Features incl email, forums. Accepting requests for new features.
alumni-fiit	This project is deal with developing a web application for schools. This application tries to keeping touch with graduates and academic stuff; and with each other graduates.
alumni-online	AO is a Content Management System initially designed for Alumni Associations.Theme and container support, easy administration, modular design, real time bug reporting to web service are the some of its highlights.ADOdb and Smarty are used as its backend
alumni-tracker	Alumni Tracker provides the ability to track alumni of a college or unitversity for the purposes of helping to demonstrate compliance with the accreditation standards required for departments in higher education.
alumniatschool	AlumniPortal is a website system written in PHP. It is specialized on running alumni websites and constitutes a part of the Alumni@School initiative furthering alumni networks for German secondary schools.
alumnic	The goal of the Alumni C compiler project is to write a new simple and easy to understand C compiler code for Graduate Students.
alumnicomposite	A stock index generally for schools displaying companies associated with alumni as they compare to major indices.
alumniconnect	alumniconnect is to create a platform that helps people connect with each other. Rather than conventional web-based interface which requires people to register, it finds people through their IM (MSN, Skype, Yahoo, etc) network.
alumnionrails	Social-Networking-Platform for University Alumni.
alumniportal	Portal software for alumni high school, content management system, and online news publishing tools. Can create unlimited weblink category, publish article with images, alumni list with edit-delete-update, forum, etc. Now coming with classifieds ads modu
alunoapp	AlunoApp is a simple java project that manage students, like insert, update, retrieve and find. For developers AlunoApp should be a project reference in good design and good use of many option of available technologies.
alus	The linux console utility serie provide diferents open source software for the linux console.
alvaria	Alvaria Engine to polski projekt (rozwijany przez Alvaria Team), bazuj?cy na silniku Vallheru Engine. Jest to silnik gry Alvaria (www.alvaria.net) rozbudowany, zmodyfikowany i ulepszony. Polecam wszystkim!
alvin	ALVIN (Academic Learning VIrtual Network) application allows colleges to provide enhanced functionality to students, such as emailing of grades, professor profiles, course syllabus online, professor/course surveys, student chat and message boards.
alvincms	AlvinCMS is a website manager and blog system with a small footprint. The system is so easy to use you&#039;ll forget about the complexity of the php and mysql it runs on, AlvinCMS uses onefile templates, simple gui, highsecurity. Installation in one ste
alvisgui	An ALVIS J2EE-based search web front end for zebra indexing and retrieval server.
alvyn	Alvyn is a free and open source re-implementation of Amos Pro Basic (Amiga) a Basic interpreter used for game developing. Alvyn is multiplatform and written in C++, with aim to preserve max compatibility with AmosPro. It use SDL library for graphics and
always	&quot;always&quot; is a code generator.
alwaysalphacms	CMS/SiteManager: Goals = Simplicity,Modules,Userbased Simplicity,Themeable,Secure,POSA
alweditor	Online Wysiwyg editor for PHP and JavaScript. The editor will provide functionality for websites that want to add HTML code to their site, it is not a online word processor. The editor boasts a quick loading time and works in Netscape, FireFox and IE.
alx3000	ALX3000 is the &quot;NeXT generation newsreader&quot; for Mac OS X. Build from scratch using Cocoa it is fast and works well with all system services. The core of the application was developed by the authors of the popular Alexandra newreader for NeXTSTE
alxclient	This project will be a adoption of the famous alclient mud-client for the X environment.
alyn	Alyn Solution Desk is a Helpdesk system that is geared to allowing the end user to resolve their own problems.
alyoop	A Lightweight Object Oriented Persistence Layer for database access in PHP.  Allows PHP developers to use customizable objects to represent and manipulate rows in any SQL database.
alzabo	Alzabo is a dual-purpose project.  Its first goal is to be a data modeller, written in Perl.  Its second goal is to use the data model created as the basis on an OO-RDBMS mapping.
alzheimer	Alzheimer Password Manager keeps track of passwords used for network accounts, files, credit cards, ... It provides a hierarchical tree organization of accounts, secure encrypted xml storage, password generators and password strength tests.
am-catcher	am-catcher is a framework thats permits java developers to dynamically throw custom exception from catched exception as specified in a xml configuration file.
am1-synthesizer	The AM1 Synthesizer is a real-time, Midi-controlled, music synthesizer for the Macintosh platform.  The AM1 uses up to 6 square or sine wave oscillators per voice and amplitude modulation to synthesize sound.
am2	Automoderator for USENET newsgroups. Instantly approve participant&#039;s posts based on the subscription status of the poster.
am8commander	8AM Commander is graphical two panel file manager in Norton Commander style. It supports standard set of file-managing functions, transparent work with archives, auto-update, it has got internal file viewer and much more.
ama4g	This software provide monitoring architecture for Grid environments. It can be worked with a several different type of information that is generated dynamically or statically.
amaart	web application for art publishing (poetry, stories, articles, paintings, photos, animations)
amadeus	A tool to organize multimedia files (but not limited only to), in a customizable way. The organization is based in virtual directories, and can be written to disk, if wanted. Amadeus is written entirely in Java, and build on Eclipse RCP.
amadeus-ce	The ODT, or &quot;Oz Development Tools&quot; (a.k.a. &quot;Amadeus&quot;) Community Edition for the Eclipse Platform project is a set of extensions to Eclipse designed to function together as a full-featured replacement for the Mozart-Oz OPI (Oz Programm
amadeus-wd	Amadeus je IEwebdoor, naprogramovaný v jazyce VBScript. Umo?uje vzdálenou administraci PC. Funguje jenom na pc s windows.
amadis	AMADIS is an virtual environment that provides support for &quot;Learning Projects&quot; pedagogy. It&#039;s pourpose is to re-think the traditional way that schools work. In AMADIS the child acts like an scientist, researching topics of their own realit
amail	Web based e-mail reader
amaild	Amail is a mail deamon with web interface. Writen in PHP and C++.
amailer	Amailer means anonymous mailer, you can send an anonymous email to anyone, using anyones email address, all the emails you send gets logged in a MYSQL DB, so if you have let out amailer ot the public, you can also change your amailers site prefs :)
amake	Maintain your software with amake (a make utility for developers). Supports strong pattern recognition and transformations. A single makefile can be used to compile an entire project.
amakegen	Advanced Makefile Generator (AMakeGen) is a tool allowing Dev-C++ users to compile C++ projects using Qt without the use of the command prompt.
amaker	GUI frontend for GNU Autotools, and more ...
amakihi	This project provides several Java/JUnit components for automating integration tests from XML scripts.
amalaga	This PHP site was initially developped to manage attendance to club events (namely attendance to Lanparties). This site is in production, and is being constantly enhanced, but it should become more generic, therefore I could need some help.
amalfim	Data server for user intelligent agents. Written in Python, using XML-RPC as client/server communication and RDBMS as storage.
amalgam	Amalgam is an application that allows clients to register with a central client repository and be managed (single or group) by a single remote admin client.  Pull log files, push new releases/software, start/stop applications
amalgom	Virtuoso is a JMX based modular Java Application Server
amaltasy	Amaltasy is an med/fantasy MMORPG where the players liberty want to be push to the maximum, free of action and of choose. The world can change depend of the decision and act of the in game players. Lot of fun and pointless objects and actions are forseen
amalthea	An educational 3D game, developed at CERN for its 50th anniversary exhibition. Basic GRID concepts such as Resource Broker and Replica Manager are visualized. Written from scratch with minimal dependencies (SDL, openGL), runs both on Windows and Linux.
amaly	Java-Application for order managment. From incoming orders up to the invoice, all business processes are documented. Flexibel configuration. Using JDBC for Database connect to PostGreSQL, MySQL, Oracle, SQLServer or IBM Informix. Reporting with JasperRep
amamp	AMaMP (Audio Mixing &amp; Manipulation Project) aims to provide a cross platform core program that, based on an input instruction file, mixes and manipulates audio from a range of sources. The project incorporates GUI apps that target the core.
amanda	Amanda is the most popular Backup and Archiving software that protects multiple machines running various versions of Linux, UNIX and Microsoft Windows operating systems. It supports tapes, disks, optical media and changers.
amanda-win32	Port &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.amanda.org&quot;&gt;Amanda Tape Backup&lt;/a&gt; client suite to Windows32, with native support of NTFS features.
amandaadm	Amanda Admin is an Webmin (www.webmin.com) module to configure and manage Amanda Backup. It allows to generate, modify existing or new amanda.conf as well as disklist files for different Amanda configs
amandaportal	Amanda Portal is an user-friendly and powerful administrative GUI and CMS for the uPortal &lt;http://www.uportal.org&gt;. It consists content management and publishing system and extendable management interfaces for various purposes.
amandavcd	AmandaVCD splits large VCF files into smaller files with only one vCard in each file.
amanga	Amanda is a program to make it easier to read manga on the computer
amanith	Amanith is an OpenSource C++ CrossPlatform framework designed for 2d &amp; 3d vector graphics.
amanuensis	Amanuensis is tool for recording and replaying web traffic, both normal and secure HTTP protocols. It can be used for testing, monitoring or automation. It uses the Tcl scripting language to allow you to parameterise and customise session scripts.
amap	MiMap interactive map application
amapop	amapop -- minimalistic player inspired with famous amarok.
amaranth	Intended to be a cross-platform 3D engine and toolkit using the Tao framework and allowing C#/F#/.NET developers to target Mac OS X and Windows with a single build.\n\nAlso includes accessory tools for managing builds and ports of your game product.
amaretah	Cycles of Amaretah is an open-source Massive Multiplayer Role Playing Game based on the SDL library and on a totally original universe.
amaris-cms	Front-End-Editing CMS (Content Management System).
amaroc	Amaroc is a ncurses &quot;frontend&quot; for Amarok. It uses DCOP calls, and its purpose is to ease control of Amarok over a network.
amarok	Amarok - advanced audio player for KDE.
amarokapplet	A Gnome2 panel applet which controls amarok, the audio player for KDE
amarokfs	This is a Fullscreen GUI for Playing Songs from your local Music Archive.
amarokweb	amaroK Web is a jukebox interface to the KDE amaroK media player.  It allows multiple people the ability to control a single amaroK instance through a web ui.  It works great for our small office.
amarokwebfront	A script that enhances KDE&#039;s amaroK that will allow users on either a LAN or a WAN to access and play the music indexed by amaroK.
amarracoferoz	Juego de Mus multiplayer escrito en JAVA.
amas	AMAS stands for Ants Mobile Authentication System and it permits to use one time password (OTP) to authenticate users. This system is design to provide one time passwords over the gsm network after the user asked for them using a private pin.
amateras	We provide Eclipse Plug-ins for web application development.
amateur-scrolls	A project to implement a Daggerfall-like game for fans, by fans.
amath	Want to use rational fractions? Want to get accurate result in floating-point arithmetic? Want simply to use the classical arithmetic and algebra? AMath allows the use of all this in programming. :) AMath will be available as a dynamic library.
amatix	Amatix InstantPBX transforms your computer in a small PBX. You don&#039;t have to install any software, just plug the CD in your CD drive and let the computer boot from it. In few minutes you will get a running Linux system with a preconfigured Asterisk 
amav	A set of tools to manage architecture models and create architectural views.
amavis-mysql	Modified amavis e-mail scanner script to work with mysql database for e-mail journal. Included simple PHP script for read summary of e-mail and virus traffic.
amavis-n-parser	This tool is generating a logfile from notifies that amavis sends, so that statistics can be generated. Another advantage of this type of logging is that i can create a central log in a multi-server setup. amavis, amavisd and amavisd-new are supported.
amavisadmin	AmavisAdmin is a tool to maintain SPAMs, Viruses and blocked mails written to an SQL database by Amavisd-new. Mails can be removed automatically or manually, or they can be released to be send to the recipients.
amavisd-milter	A sendmail milter for amavisd-new which use AM.PDP protocol.
amazed	Amazed is an image editor written in Java. Its key features are simple viewing and manipulation of images in different formats, including easy navigation among images in a directory. Other features: resizing, flipping, filtering, adding text, printing, o
amazinghms	AmazingHMS empowering healthcare providers with mission critical information at the point of decision through the delivery of a integrated healthcare solution by leveraging the Open Source development model.
amazingsaver	Screensaver displaying a random maze and an animation of a depth first search solution.
amazon	This Project is a compilation of various other projects in the GNUStep world, and is intented to produce a self contained distribution with only GNUStep apps.
amazon-ec2-edit	amazon-ec2-edit Editor for Microsoft Windows to deploy and manage virtual machine images at the Amazon EC2 Elastic Compute Cloud. The (proof-of- concept-hack) Alpha source can be downloaded from www.thinkfleet.com/Amazon_EC2_Editor.htm
amazon5	Amazon5 is a PHP5 object framework for implementing Amazon.com&#039;s E-Commerce Services v4.0 (formerly Amazon Web Services) on your website.  Requires PHP5 compiled with SOAP enabled, and an Amazon Developer Subscription ID (freely available from amazo
amazonbox	Amazon Box displays a random link of books to buy from Amazon.De. The program graps by using the ASIN No. information about the book, provided by AMAZON.DE, displays the book image and creates a weblink. If a costumer buys the book out of your given link
amazonec2edit	AmazonEC2Edit is a Windows GUI for the Amazon EC2 command-tools to deploy and configure virtual machines on Amazon EC2 Compute Cloud.
amazonecs-net	AmazonECS.Net is a .Net library for the Amazon E-Commerce Service. It allows easy and fast implementation of Amazon&#039;s ECS in any .Net application.
amazonfinder	A Windows application that uses Amazon E-Commerce Service for searching, reviewing and browsing products with user given parameters against Amazon.com catalogs. Application is targeted for home users.
amazonkuku	AmazonKuKu is a program which keeps track of product prices over Amazon sites.
amazonlib	AmazonLib is a PHP library for use with Amazon.com&#039;s E-Commerce Service 4.0 and Seller Services (AIMS and Merchants@). It includes a useful XML parser and scripts that illustrate the Amazon APIs. The scripts are described in a book: www.awsbook.com
amazonphpapi	Amazon released an API to access its huge catalogs. What this basically means is that each developer can access the information from Amazon following some simple protocols like XML-RPC or SOAP using a PHP library. The current project allows you to query
amazonproject	Amazon is a groundbraking peer-to-peer based collaborative documentation system in java.
amazons3jadmin	A Java WebStart - Swing administration interface for the Amazon S3 service.
amazonstore	Microsoft .NET 2.0 project geared towards selling amazon content online via an affiliate interface.  This codebase will allow a website operator to setup a niche affiliate website to sell amazon goods online.
amazontp	AmazonTP is a GUI and API for automatic generation of power quality events by invoking the popular ATP (Alternative Transient Program).
amazoop	amazOOP is an Object Oriented Programming API written in PHP to query AWS (Amazon Web Services). It&#039;s easy to setup and extremely easy to use! All it takes is very little PHP knowledge and 10 minutes to start displaying Amazon information on your si
amb	Ambivalence is a Model-View-Controller framework for PHP web development. The initial version, based on the Java-based Maverick project, offers clean MVC separation and an XML sitemap, plus a service to authenticate and enforce access control.
amb-free	AMB is a script to backup all the mysql databases in a server.
ambassador	A very minimalistic CIFS/SMB server targeted at AmigaOS but written with portability in mind.
ambcow	ANSI Minimal Basic Compiler On the Web (Ambcow) compiles ANSI Minimal Basic programs (with some enhancements) so that they execute as CGI programs.  The implementation language and compiled output language is Perl.
amber	Amber is an easy-to-use, multi-faceted granular sampling tool for composers wishing to construct timbrally complex sounds; available as a command-line tool for Linux-similar operating systems, or with a Cocoa wrapper that runs on Macintosh OS X.
amber-db	Amber is a lightweight R/O mapper framework for easy JDBC database access without XML descriptors. It uses reflection and Java 1.5 annotations for the CRUD cycle of Java objects.
amberarcher	A complete, production-usable Java class library tuned for internal corporate development (GPL). The Amber Archer class library represents over 100,000 lines of code and 700 Java classes, covering topics like UI building, pooling, caching, XML processing
ambercms	AmberCMS - the open-source content management system written entirely in Perl and using MySQL databases, featuring simple templating and web-based administration system.
amberfish	Amberfish is general purpose text retrieval software.  It supports nested queries of semi-structured text in XML format and traditional unstructured searching.
amberfisharts	Amberfish Arts is a community for enthusiasts of classic adventure games as well as a hub for high-quality fan projects. IP-SCUMM 2.0 is the 2D adventure engine behind some of those projects. Coded in C++, IP-SCUMM is both very portable and feature rich.
ambermon	Ambermon is an IRC operator bot controlled through a web interface. It makes dealing with drones and clones alot easier for operators. Hybrid/ratbox ircds are supported.
ambernet	Universal plug-able engine for 3D graph, interactive VR, network communication and... something else :) Graph API: OpenGL (with SDL) Develop: Dev-C++ and MinGW, CMake and gcc
amberrpg	A fork of OpenRPG (www.openrpg.com) intended to address usability issues.
ambersand	A multi-tiered J2EE based ERP platform which will cater the small businesses.
amberworld	Amberworld is (going to be) an interpreter for the Amiga classic Ambermoon (by Thalion) and games with a similar engine (Dragonflight, Amberstar, Albion).
ambient	A flexible secure servlet based web engine that attempts to let you rapidly create web applications with little or no programming!
ambiente	A web app project to control an Ambient Device (http://www.ambientdevices.com) with easy to create plugins connecting to different web services.
ambienti	An utility web application to easily manage hardware and software assets in a software developing environment, that is: machines, softwares installations, configurations, and so on.
ambientjava	Java library providing easy interface to send color updates to an Ambient Orb device from Ambient Devices.
ambientorb	Notify your Ambient Orb device(s).
ambiprocessor	A cross platform API for the processing (encoding, decoding, manipulation) of Ambisonic data.
ambit	AMBIT consists of a MySQL database and functional modules providing storage of chemical compounds and allowing a variety of flexible structure, similarity and other queries. Written in Java, with the use of The Chemistry Development Kit.
ambitcomponents	Small, useful components for Visual Basic. Contains components for date/time entry, Windows registry manipulation, string manipulation, and parsing.
ambition	This PHP software is a web portal which extremely simplifies the process of creating and also managing BOINC accounts. The BOINC Core Client can talk to the software and attach to ALL of the user&#039;s accounts in one step.
amble	Amble is an Objective Caml library for simple distributed programming. It is primarily intended for teaching purposes.
ambookworm	BookWorm is a system where people can post book reviews and comment on the reviews of other people. Administrators can also post sites which they think are appropriate and would be interesting for book reviews.
ambt	Ariejan&#039;s MySQL Backup Tool allows you to create regular backups of your MySQL Database without any interaction.
ambulant	Ambulant is an extensible cross-platform multimedia playback engine in C++, aimed primarily at playback of SMIL documents.
amc	Automated Music Composition can generate chords and a backing track (e.g. bass line) from an Audio (WAV) or MIDI input melody. It uses WaoN for Audio to Midi conversion but with new sophisticated BPM detection. It also has reliable key detection. Try it!
amcat	AmCAT (Amsterdam Content Analysis Toolkit) provides a framework for large scale automatic, semi-automatic or manual content analysis based on DB-stored digital texts and annotations and console and web-based user interface to (pre)processing scripts
amcod	AmCod audio compressor. Fast, portable audio coder/decoder, purposed for a speech compression on embedded platforms.
amconnections	This library provides classes described by the reactor-, acceptor- and connector- design patterns. It intends to handle connections from clients trying to concurrently access a certain service (e.g. a shell provided by a program).
amcpostpack	The AMC Postprocessing Package is  a program developed at the Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam. It allows readings and writing of the DICOM format, and also supports the Analyze format. Currently, perfusion and fMRI analysis are implemented.
amcs	AMCS is a MVC framework implementation for web applications (yes, another one). It uses MySQL, Spring and JSTL. It&#039;s purpose is to greatly simplify the development of a basic web application via generic code and a template web application approach.
amda	The a(MD?)? project constitutes a toolchain supporting a Model Driven Approach to Multi-Dimensional software Engineering. It enables multi-dimensional separation of concerns at the model level, by generating (Java) source code from UML specifications.
amdctm	AMDs Close-to-the-Metal presents a virtual machine abstraction for GPUs. CTM presents a thin interface to this hardware by hiding graphics-specific features of the device.
amdl	Abstract Market Data Library - streams market data over TCP/IP to clients. Many advances concepts - compression, conflation, traffic shaping etc.
amdtpplay	Amdtpplay receives an audio data stream from an IEEE 1394 bus according to the Audio and Music Data Transmission Protocol (IEC 61883-6). This audio stream is then played on the local sound card.
ame	Program pozwalajacy na korzystanie z encyklopedii PWN 99 na AmigaOS/MorphOS/Linux. Obecnie trwaja prace nad dostoswaniem ame do encyklopedii fogra 2001.
ameba	Ameba: One source code many platforms, is a complete environment to create J2ME applications (MIDlets). It consists of a special preprocessor written in Java and Perl scripts to manage project&#039;s files. It&#039;s goal is to speed up devel and MIDlets
amebox	Amebox is a HTPC application with the look and feel of Windows Media Center but supports many advanced features such as network streaming, client/server architecture and includes better support for downloaded TV Series!
amediamessenger	Agdersoft Media Messenger (AMM), is a Norwegian developed media share messenger. Where you can share your media with your contacts.
amel	Le but du projet est de permettre aux utilisateurs de visionnner un contenu (magazine, publicité, articles...) sur n&#039;importe quelle plateforme mobile (téléphone, PDA...).\nCe contenu est proposé par le biais d&#039;un langage dérivé du XML : le SIDML
amelia	The ATLAS Multimedia Educational Lab for Interactive Analysis (AMELIA) is an educational tool for High-Energy physics featuring the ATLAS detector at CERN. Using the Irrlicht engine AMELIA integrates event analysis and contextual media in a 3D interface.
amerigo	GPS Chart Navigator for marine and outdoor activities for PC and Mobile. View BSB nautical charts (NOAA) and self calibrated TIFF charts. Track the GPS position and set a go to target. Library of placemarks and pictures integrated with Google Earth.
amesit	This application generates an index of a website using information stored in the pages&#039; meta tags.
amethyst	Amethyst is a open source MMORPG engine.
ameya	Ameya means boundless &amp; magnanimous.\n\nAmeya intends to be a CMS for everyone and for everything.
amf	mp3 player that mixes tunes, has a weighted random play (so your favourite tunes get played more), advanced playlists, ncurses+gpm interface, bugs, blah blah...
amfmessenger	AMFMessenger is a web-based Messaging-System using the Jabber-Protocol consisting of a service-class for AMF-PHP and a corresponding AS2-class for building Flash-based messaging clients. Please refer to the Docs-Section for a more in-depth description.
amfnet	AMF.NET is an open source alternative to Macromedia&#039;a .NET Flash Remoting. This project is based on both OpenAmf (Java) and Amf-PHP.
amforth	amforth is a self hosting 16 bit Forth running on the AVR ATmega microcontroller. New words are compiled directly into flash. It is ans94 Forth oriented. The main development uses ATmega8/32/169.
amfphp	An implementation of Flash Remoting for PHP allowing seemless data exchange between PHP and the Flash player.
amfphpchat	amfPHPChat is a Chat server and clients based on amfphp, (www.amfphp.org). It features a web-based installation &amp; admin interface, client templates, a development API, smileys, sounds, multiple chatrooms, Mambo CMS integration and lots more.
amfpp	A new real migration of AMFPHP project to C++. Primary for Visual C and next to other compilers like GCC.
amfpython	Implementation of the Macromedia AMF protocol in Python
amfsharp	The AMF# project is an Open Source alternative to Macromedia&#039;s .NET Flash Remoting, written in C#.
amg	The Adobe Media Gallery is a Flash web photo and video gallery whose appearance and behavior can be customized via XML files.
amgenerator	AsciiMation Generator is an ascii-art animation generator. Asciimation is created from a specific programming language and using specified sprites. AMGenerator is an interpreter written in OCaml.
amharic-morph	This is the first version of a morphological analyser for Amharic language. It is developed using Xerox Finite State Tools (XFST, LEXC). To use it, you need to have XFST on your machine, load the transducer. Follow the guidelines in XFST manual
amharicos	Operating system for 386 or above Entirely written in Assembly language.
amhe	Advanced Multiuser Hosting Environment\nAMHE pronounced as &#039;Amy&#039; is an Advanced Multiuser Hosting Environment control panel.
ami	artificial mnemonic intelligence
amiantnavigator	Amiant Navigator is a cross-platform plug-in based all-in-one file manager, media content viewer/editor/converter, archiver, text editor, ftp browser.
amic	Amic (A MInimalistic Compiler) is a small compiler compatible on Linux systems.
amiclargs	CLArgs is a command line arguments parser for C++ with a flexible end user syntax. For example a copy command using CLArgs could be run as &quot;copy -TO dest.txt src.txt&quot; or &quot;copy src.txt dest.txt&quot; or &quot;copy -FROM src.txt -TO dest.txt
amico	AMICO (Adaptable Multi-Interface COmmunicator) is a generic platform for rapid application development with open-source and free software components and services. Supports multiple integration interfaces: TCP, UDP, HTTP, XML-RPC, OSC, SOAP, REST...
amicus	Automatic Multimedia Installation Configuration Utility System helps you easily install and configure MythTV using standard Debian GNU/Linux on generic low end PC hardware. Emphasis is on minimal installs to provide you the best performance.
amida	A computational model of mind to control an embodied character. This character evolves from its interaction with the world she lives in and with other characters. The project integrates ideas from diverse fields such as cognitive science, psicology, and
amidala	A web-based data processor that can do many things.
amide	Amide&#039;s a Medical Image Data Examiner:  Amide is a tool for viewing, registering, and analyzing anatomical and functional volumetric medical imaging data sets.
amidimixer	amidimixer is a small application used to control a mixer on an audio device with the use of a midi port. The application creates a client port in an alsa environment. You will need to connect that port with aconnect.
amidimon	Terminal based Midi Event Viewer (Alsa 0.9). It can autoconnect to alsa seq clients and provides simple filter mechanisms..
amiens	Amiens is an alternative implementation of the multiplayer board game Carcassonne written in Ruby.
amiflim	A web application to help friends share CDs &amp; DVDs. It will publish each member&#039;s list of CDs, and will enable others to ask for that material, keeping track of the whole process (essentially, &quot;who has what&quot; :).
amiga	Here you can find my Open Source precompiled binaries for AmigaOS. This project was created with the aim to give support to the ppl who dont have the time.. (or a compiler..) to do it for itself. (and,..to keep the Amiga ALIVE! -Amiga rulez! -ForEvER?
amiga-smbfs	&quot;amiga-smbfs&quot; is an Amiga file system client for the SMB protocol, as used by &quot;Samba&quot; or the various Microsoft Windows operating systems for file and printer sharing services.
amigabok	Amigabok is an accounting program for the AmigaOS. It was first released for the Amiga 500 and was left behind quite some time ago. The aim of this project is to update the program to modern standards and continue the development of Amigabok.
amigaide	AmIDE - Amiga Integrated Development Environment is a modern MUI based IDE system that should make the Amiga developer able to use his favourite Compiler system with a modern looking GUI System with features like filetype handling, Build/Make, TextEditor
amigaone-linux	Linux kernel port to the AmigaOne/MAI Teron CX/MAI Teron PX consumer PowerPC motherboards.
amigeekornot	This is the source code for AmIGeekOrNot.  It is written in PHP and requires Apache and MySQL.  It is highly configurable and customizable--all from a single config file.  It can be used to create your own AmI___OrNot domains or subdirs.
amigift	AMIGIFT is a FileSharing Application for AmigaOS compatible systems. It is mainly a User Interface to the giFT daemon, plus the distribution includes everything ready to run. Currently supported networks are FastTrack, Gnutella, OpenFT, and Ares.
amigos	am.i.g.o.s - AMbiente para Integração de Grupos e Organizações Sociais. A software which provides a social networks development and knowledgement management environment, with support to file sharing, chats, community, forums, blogs and searchs.
amigram	AmiGram is the AMI Graphical Representation and Annotation Module. It is a general-purpose tool for multimodal corpus annotation and allows the time line based annoation of NXT corpora in a layer based environment.
amigtk	Amiga Classic native port of GTK+ (GLIB/GDK/GTK)
amigui	AmiGUI aims to emulate Amiga GUI (Workbench) applications as if they were native for your OS.
amilab	amilab is a tool for image processing that includes its own scripting language, and an interface for visualizing 2d/3d images and 3d surfaces. Its main application is medical image processing.
amina	This has a XML Contract Creator and an XML component. The  contracts have lists of parties, clauses, and conditionals. The XML Component allows the user to traverse, change, act upon hierarchical XML Structures inside of the application.
amine-platform	Amine is a Multi-Layer Java Open Source Platform dedicated to the development of various kinds of Intelligent Systems (Knowledge-Based, Ontology-Based, Conceptual Graph Based, NLP, etc.) and Intelligent Agents. See: //amine-platform.sourceforge.net/
amino	Amino is an MVC application framework for any kind of application - but here it is being used for domain-independent Modelling &amp; Simulation.
amiopenoffice	Port of OpenOffice.Org 2.0 to AmigaOS
amiprotocol	AMI is a 100% peer to peer protocol used to support any further over-protocols. This protocols will allow people to find them and dialogate together with any protocol and in a secure way.
amir	Amir is a PHP/MySQL-based session manager. Its main goal is to protect files which must be seen only by the site administrator(s) and not by anyone else. After installing Amir, you can protect any file you want by adding single line of code at the top of
amirc	A multi-protocol instant messenging client for the IRC client, mIRC.
amirc-wallchop	Wallchop plugin for AmIRC on the Amiga. (Useful as an outline for coding AmIRC plugins)
amire	AMIRE is a project about the efficient creation and modification of augmented reality (AR) and mixed reality (MR) applications. AMIRE provides the tools for authoring AR/MR applications based on a library of Components.
amis	AMIS is an open source DAISY book player. DAISY books are synchronized text/audio multimedia books. Read more at www.daisy.org.
amishare	AmiShare will be a modular program for p2p networks for AmigaOS, each protocol is added by modules, we&#039;ll have plans for support edonkey, Overnet, kazaa, Direct Connect, opennap, Imesh and more p2p networks.
amitinygl	Discontinued.
amizilla	This project is dedicated to porting Mozilla to the Amiga - all platforms from 3.1, through to MorphOS and AmigaOS4. The code used in the porting is under the various Mozilla licenses.
amj	AMJ est un assistant de mise a jours développé en php etcompilé pour windows en HTA.
aml	AML stands for &quot;Assorted Mathematical Libraries&quot;. This project&#039;s goal is to build libraries based on advanced Mathematical functions intended for use with a front-end. This is all from the ground up, depending on no other libraries.
amlcartography	AML and C code and documentation for cartography within the ARC/INFO geographic information system.
amlet	A full java electronic signature applet bsed on IAIK Wrapper and JCE.\nShow document (txt or pdf) and sign it.\nGemplus, ActicvCard, Oberthur, Shlumberger, Rainbow and more tokens are supported.
amm	AMM - Another Mp3 Manager - Manages Information about your Mp3s, find duplicate Mp3s, get Information from ID3v1-Tags, ID3v2-Tags and from filename, ...
amm-ide	The @-- IDE is an IDE for the @-- Programming language. (See http://at-minus-minus.sourceforge.net/. )
ammap	If you want to present the routes of your journeys, show the locations of your offices or any other places of interest, this tool is perfect for you. You can also use it as &quot;hot spots&quot; software. Uses Flash, php, mysql.
ammath	Ammath is a program to do maths on arbitrarily complex numbers. At present, our core library deals with surds and fractions, with things like function evaluation and solving on the way.
ammentos	A lightweight persistence framework for Java (JDK5.0 or later). Works with annotations (as EJB3), does not require any configuration/mapping file, runs with any JDBC compliant database (no SQL dialects to configure) and supports multi-device persistence.
ammessenger	The AnimeMangaMessenger is an program that allows anime/manga fans to connect with eachother and chat. This is part one of the AM Project. (We are planning of connecting AMM with AbsoluteManga.se and or soon to come software AMStudio)
ammog	Ahora Ahou, a pvp mmog with its settings deeply rooted in the future. This open source mmog will get those who enjoy mmog&#039;s a place to work with others with experience and a place you can call home with a huge community supporting you on your every 
ammp	Alceri Multimedia Player (AMmP) is simple player which use the excellent Gtk+-2.x.x
ammt	(Media Tester) Is a Multicast Monitoring Tool This project used to Monitor Multicast Streams, Bit rate, Alarms, Reports, Video Recording, http://media-tester.sourceforge.net
amnesiaengine	Small cross-platform 3D graphics/sound engine that makes use of OpenGL, OpenAL, and/or DirectX.
amnesty	Free yourself from porn.
amoc	scAMOn Clients: Open Source clients of the Scali ScaMon cluster monitoring server
amod	The aim of this project is to design a communication system between two computers which allows communication between them by using sound.
amodules2	Libraries for administration system development in PHP4+ language utilizing in OOP.
amodules3	AModules3 library is aimed to help development of administration systems, web pages, web portals, web systems and other web applications. It provides a flexible and extendable framework to simplify application development and maintenance.
amoeba-debugger	Amoeba Debugger is a heterogeneous multiprocessor GDB with an, optional, Eclipse frontend. It can debug multiple CPU target architechtures, currently ARM and x86, and ABI&#039;s, simultaneously, with all the targets in a single session.
amoeba-wars	An online multiplayer remake of the Avalon Hill game Amoeba Wars, a fairly simple turn-based strategy game of a galactic space war. AJAX processes are used to provide a simple, fast and secure interface.
amoebaa	Amoebaa Bug Tracking System is an open source web based completely free software product which can be used by testers and developers to log and track bugs. It is developed in C# and ASP.NET 2.0.
amoebagame	Amoeba is going to be a turn-based arcade game similar to commercial games like Worms or Snails. It is developed using FreePascal and the SDL4Freepascal libraries.
amok81	AmokParser - a tiny, fast file parser
amore	AMoRE is a collection of algorithms that deal with automata, monoids, regular expressions. Learn about the theory - this is not another regexp package.
amorph	amorph is an any-to-XML-to-any data transformation library. Use amorph to read possibly ANY kind of data format required for further processing (csv,fixed length, xml, electronic bills, custom formats, ...) within your application.
amorphia	the Amorphia CMS is a user-friendly content management system based on PHP-Nuke 6.9. Most important of this CMS is that you have complete control. The regular nuke modules were removed and replaced by modules made out of phpBB.
amorphis	Project for administrating pharmacies/drug stores, laboratories and simillar. It gives the users means to operate the traffic of sold items in their stores and other helpful information.
amorphous	An amorphous simulation library.
amos	AMOS is collection of tools and class interfaces for the assembly of DNA sequencing reads. The package includes a robust infrastructure, modular assembly pipelines, and tools for overlapping, consensus generation, contigging, and assembly manipulation.
amp	A new messenger program.We&#039;ve got great plans with this project and want to make it open source.We know we are different to all other messengers and as far as we know the only real p2p program in contradiction to for example kazaa.www.ampmessenger.c
amp-fbrowser	A.M.P. File Browser gives the user a simple yet efficient way to share files, while allowing both the user and the system manager control over what is being shared and who can access it
ampache	Ampache is a Web-based audio file manager. It allows you to view, edit, and play your audio files via the Web. It has support for album art, random play, and streams and song play tracking. Current Project page at https://ampache.bountysource.com/
ampasctl	The Color Transformation Language, or CTL, is a programming language\nfor digital color management.
ampathy	A Mac OS X Audio Unit plugin for modal audio synthesis. Intended for use both as an instrument and an effect, and perhaps sometimes both.
ampcentral	AmpCentral is a system composed of Ampoliros modules and it serves as a way of distributing Ampoliros modules through web services. The system is composed by two modules, a server (the repository containing the modules) and a client.
ampcgifeeder	A simple, general-purpose plugin for WinAmp 5 that allows you to send current track and status information to a CGI application.
ampcontrol	AmpControl is a project to control WinAmp. It is possible to work from a remote machine. The main reson why we did this is because once a visual plugin is started, you don&#039;t have control over the playlist, other plugins etc.
ampd	ampd is a player handler and playlist manager written in bash. The handler emulates most playing functions and supports most players like amp and sox. It&#039;s best for playing music in console.
ampdangel	Styles, Mods, Addons and Hacks for Woltlab Burning Board Lite (wBB lite), Jupiter Content System (JCM), OneCMS, BlogPHP, Php-Fusion, and other cms, bulletin boards, or blogsystems.
ampedreports	Full featured web based reporting system. Written in Java / JSP. Web based reports are dynamically generated from JDBC result sets. AJAX incorperated in version 5.1. Connects to any JDBC 2.0 compliant database, most drivers already included.
ampersand	Ampersand is a powerful set of web-based configuration and management tools for the Asterisk PBX that lets users tap into the power of Open Source VoIP telephony.
amph	Amph is a cross platform library designed to aid in the creation of games in C++ using OpenGL and an assortment of cross platform libraries.  It aims to provide developers with a framework with which they can write a 2D or 3D game with minimal hassle.
amphetadesk	AmphetaDesk is a cross-platform, highly customizable, news aggregator - it sits on your desktop, downloads the latest news that interests you, and displays them in a quick, easy to use and customizable webpage. No webserver required.
amphetarate	AmphetaRate is the first RSS recommendation server. It calculates your likes/dislikes to create a personalized RSS recommendation feed. We also currently provide an aggregator based on AmphetaDesk to communicate to AmphetaRate.
amphetaserver	AmphetaServer is a cross-platform, highly customisable, news aggregator - it is based on AmphetaDesk but uses a different builtin webserver. It accepts RSS and Atom feeds. It allows to load a local OPML file using the file:// protocol
amphibian	JFrog is a free distributed components-oriented framework created to develop multiplatform game engines with high source code reusability. It?s possible to create game engines for personal computers and handhelds. Before this project was Amphibian.
amphion	Amphion is an audio server and a collection of clients designed to play audio tracks, maintain playlists, and tweak the output volume. Amphion lets you plug a server into your stereo and control the tracks played on your stereo from another machine.
amphoralight	Amphora Light is a Web-based groupware server written in Python and Zope. It offers basic office functionality: document sharing, calendars, tasks, contacts, internet databases in the context of a hierarchical organization and flexible access rights.
amphtdig	HT://Dig for Ampoliros is an interface for the well known HT://Dig search engine, provided as an Ampoliros module. It provides an internal search engine for web sites built with the Magellan CMS.
amphtp	With HTP for Ampoliros, maintenance of a very large site handled with Magellan and with a lot of templates is very easy. It is useful for smaller sites too.
ampike	A MUD driver and library written in the PIKE interpreted language.
ampit	AmpIT is a way to develop standalone Apache/Mysql/Php applications in windows, with the ease of PHP and the flexibility of a web browser. The side project WebAmpIT also works as a out-of-the-box functional web server.
ampjava	AMP was inspired by RoR partials. It is a framework-independant Java API that enables processing of AJAX requests in a normal MVC pattern. It is currently integrated with the Spring framework to allow for easy configuration.
ampjpcache	AmpJpCache is an Ampoliros module based on the jpcache project, that is a lightweight, full page caching system for PHP which uses gzip content-encodig and ETag-headers, thus allowing around 80% in traffic-saving for php-pages and reducing server-load.
ampjuke	AmpJuke can stream music files to one or more clients using the HTTP-protocol. Any program that can handle M3U-playlists (ie. WinAmp or Media Player) can play the streamed music (formats: MP3, OGG, WMA and/or APE). Focus is on easy navigation + speed.
ample	Ample is an MP3 server written in C. It does not intend to support mixing, radio shows etc. Just an easy way to listen to your MP3&#039;s everywhere using the &quot;open location&quot; features already present in XMMS, WinAmp and Media Player.
amplicon	Amplicon is a Python script for designing PCR primer sets. Amplicon is written in Python 2.3 and Tkinter 8.4. The current script was created for Windows and an executable is available.  Future versions of the script should be able to run on Linux and Mac
amplified	amplified is still under heavy development. It will be an database-independent CMS.
amplify	AMpliFy is Another MVC Framework for PHP.
amplifymda	The Amplify MDA project is aimed at delivering a &#039;model-to-text&#039; generator tool with real-world applicability in less than 1000 lines of Java/Groovy code.
ampoliros	Ampoliros is a PHP portal engine for the Ix Application Server. It is the Portal Server component of the Solarix iConnect Architecture. Development activities and downloads have been moved to the Ampoliros site.
amportal	FreePBX is the most powerful GUI (Web Based) configuration tool for Asterisk. It provides everything that a standard legacy phone system can, plus a huge amount of new features. All documentation and information is avalable from http://www.freepbx.org
amppserv-xp	An advanced and easy to use open source WAMP application server, featuring a powerful interface. It benefits from a modular architecture that allows very fast deployment of web solutions &amp; services.
amproject	Animamirror is an upcoming project that will combine the fun of Final Fight style action with the RPG feeling of games such as Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.
amptimes	Amptimes is an &quot;uptimes.net&quot;-like project but oriented to the listening of music : it centralizes the number of tracks and the total played time for each registered user. Therefore, a user can see all kind of stats about his music consumption a
ampwebalizer	Webalizer for Ampoliros is an Ampoliros module. It is an interface with the Webalizer web statistics program, allowing users to create their own web site statistics inside Ampoliros.
ampwhois	This is an Ampoliros module providing whois function for the vast majority of TLD&#039;s.
ampxstream	A simple and smart media server that allows you to stream MP3 / OGG / WAV / WMA / Real Audio files throughout your network. Managed via an intuitive web based interface, it is simple to install &amp; easy to configure.
amr-codec	The AMR codec is a C++ implementation of the adaptive multirate codec algorithm where the speech signals are compressed based on the quality of the communication channel.
amr2wav	Convert AMR NB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Narrow Band) sound file to WAV sound file
amra	A Microformatted Registry Alternative (AMRA) is an alternative web service description registry using simple, microformatted documents.
amrc	Platform independent model train controlling software modules for Intellibox.
amrcmcm	Server bundle of : Apache2 , MySQL   Software developing triad of : PHP, PHPmyadmin. All latest stables , all manuals
amrecgui	amrecgui is an easy-to-use graphical user interface (GUI) for the backup system Amanda that allows people used to work in a graphical environment to safely recover backuped files from an Amanda tape.
amreservit	Reservit is a web-based system for reserving and booking computers and other resources, for example in a library or computer lab environment.
amroc	Framework for blockstructured adaptive finite volume methods. Provides MPI-parallelized variant of the Berger-Oliger AMR algorithm for Beowulf-clusters. Uses Clawpack. Visualization and conversion tools for HDF4 files included.
amrss	amrss is an Amiga RSS client
ams	AMS is an address management system consisting of a perl script and a configuration file for sql databases (msql, postgressql, mysql, ..). Adresses can be searched, mantained and downloaded (CSV, Text-TAB delimeted, LaTeX table) from a server via Browser
ams-player	I project that seeks the development of an automotive player capable to reproduce audio files and video. Tends as main characteristics - the use easiness, use of low cost hardware, and use of free software.
amsarf	PyCluster Suite is a set of tools written in python aimed at managing clusters of computers.
amsel	AMSEL is an operating system, based on the Linux kernel and 100% free software, which has been developed and optimized especially for the deployment in security critical embedded environments.
amsf	AMSF (Automated Model Selection Framework) provides Classifier/Predictor Selection for WEKA-Classifiers based on Meta-Learning. Selection is done via a rule-based Pre-Selection, followed by &#039;Zoomed Ranking&#039;(as used in WEKA METAL).
amsn	A very nice MSN compatible messenger application, aMSN Messenger is a multiplatform MSN messenger clone. Works pretty much like its Windows based counterpart. Perfect for keeping in touch with those friends who have not yet seen the light. Works on linux
amsnplus	aMSNPlus es un programa escrito en C y desarrollado en GTK+ que incluye todas las implementaciones de MSN Messenger 7.5 y Messenger Plus! 4.6x y que irá evolucionando a medida de que evolucionen las versiones de los dos programas citados anteriormente.
amsproject	The Alarm Management System (AMS) is a real-time system for collecting, logging, and managing network alarm events.
amsterdam	The Amsterdam Project is to be a collaborative effort to learn, as well as teach others to build and maintain KDE packages for Debian. This involves writing HOWTOs, documentation, building scripts, and building packages.
amsuite	AMS is a suite of software intended to make day to day administration and monitoring of an Asterisk PBX server easier. It contains a daemon that acts as a proxy to Asterisk&#039;s Manger Interface and a GTK GUI application for monitoring and administrati
amsynthe	hosted projects: amSynth is a real-time, polyphonic, analogue-modelling software synthesizer.
amsystem	A system to manage a sports club with courts and door entry.
amtools	AMTools is the foundation for a web-based, database driven content management system designed to run on top of any database and generic enough in methodology to allow for easy webserver/scripting portability.
amtowsbnp	Always more than one-way SNMP based Nagios Plugins
amtu	The Amazon Merchant Transport Utility is a java-based utility designed to make posting files and receiving reports from Amazon&#039;s Merchants@ Interface as simple as dragging and dropping files into a directory.
amtueal	Abstract Machine Test Utility (AMTU) is an administrative utility to check whether the underlying protection mechanism of the hardware is enforced as required by the Controlled Access Protection Profile(CAPP) FTP_AMT.1.
amua	Amua is a status bar application for Mac OS X that allows you to control Last.fm web-radio streams. It is an alternative to the official Last.fm player.
amule	aMule stands for all-platform eMule file-sharing program. It is affiliated with the eMule project and was forked from xMule on 08/2003. It connects to the eDonkey2000 network, supports Linux, Mac, Solaris, *BSD platforms, and nearly every processor arch.
amulet	Amulet is a java framework for highly scalable multi-tenant applications. Amulet&#039;s goal is to offer Application Service Providers (ASP) a framework specific to building java hosted applications (multi-organization repositories, resource quotas,..)
amun	Amun is an open source firewall for windows 2k/XP systems written in C.
amupper	Project which provides automapping for MUD clients
amuru	New content-management system, currently still in early planning.
amused	A powerful open source MMORG engine - AMUSEd (Active Multi-User Simulated Environment daemon).
amvcodec	I am leading a group of programmers to release the best way to encode AMV&#039;s (Anime Music Videos) and cartoons yet. Many people know that png files make smaller, better quality cartoon files then jpeg. MPEG uses jpeg compression, and I want to make a
amwlp	Processing Weather information from Airports, and makes calculations and logs of it. One part of the processing is a Weather Prediction. Everything is displayed graphicly, and is very easy to use.
amxa	amXa configures a Linux box as a router and firewall with DHCP, DNS, squid and uplaod shaping just using one simple configuration file.
amxbot	AMXBot is an irc bot mainly coded for QuakeNet but useable on other IRC networks, it is coded in C/C++ and use a script system called Small (same as AMXMod and AdminMod) very similar to C.
amxconfig	This program helps people with counterstrike servers configure amx and amxx easily. It supports all commands in the main config files, and can create plugins.ini based on the plugins the user chooses.
amxmod	AMX Mod is a metamod plugin which allows you to write modifications for Half-Life with Small scripting language. AMX provides in-game administration tools, game statistics generator, server management and gameplay modificators.
amxmodx	AMX Mod X is a Metamod plugin which allows you to write modifications for Half-Life with Small scripting language. It provides in-game administration tools, game statistics, server management and gameplay modificators. It is based on the original AMX Mod
amybackup	AmyBackup lets you easily keep your important documents backed up.
amyedit	AmyEdit is a LaTeX Editor designed to simplify the creation of LaTeX documents in Linux. It is designed to be as user friendly as possibly, and features initial document templates. It is written using C++ and GTKMM,
amygdala	Amygdala is a C++ spiking neural network library.  It includes several neuron models, SMP support and facilities for developing SNNs with genetic algorithms.  Support for running Amygdala neural networks on workstation clusters and MPPs is also under way
amylase	Amylase is a set of tools/libraries written in Java, which converts various structured text files such computer programs/DTD files into HTML or XML documents. The name, Amylase, comes from a word ML-ize, where ML stands for Markup Language as in XML.
amyme	This project is a timetable creator application for elementary and high schools.
amyno	Sistema de Detecção de Instrusões Distribuído baseado no reconhecimento de assinaturas capaz de se comunicar com outros sistemas na rede e efetuar o bloqueio do possível invasor.
amyunix2	This is Amy Yang&#039;s test project, please approve it! Thanks!
amyyang	ABC projectis a software solution that monitors project costs and expenses. whether you&#039;re a leader in your field today or just on your way to becoming one, abc project can help increase your profits and provide improved project control.
amzilla	AmigaOS port of the free Mozilla web browser.
anabey	Sieciowa gra akcji - Anabey Avruck Projekt realizowany w ramach Zespo?owego Projektu Programistycznego (ZPP). Action network game - Anabey Avruck Realization of project Anabey Avruck in Group Programing Project. We chenged name of final produkt. Project
anableps	anableps is a tool for system administrators to get real-time info about local and remote administered systems.
anabot	Anagrams game organizing IRC bot written in Java using the pircbot library.
anacapa	Anacapa is a lightweight, scalable, fast, Web server, focused on support for dynamically loadable, Apache-like, business software modules. High performance HTTP and SOAP implementations are included. Anacapa is distributed for Linux and Solaris systems.
anachron	Opensource website management system featured around a rich set of open standards such as HTML, XHTML, XML, XSLT, and CSS to deliver the most cross-browser compatible and standards compliant suite to date.
anaconda	Anaconda is a side scrolling space shooter similar to Katakis, X-Out or Turrican. It is based on SDL/OpenGL.
anaconda-agg	Anaconda is a simple, fast and efficient command-line RSS media aggregator.
anacondaedit	Anaconda is text editor with multiple windows, minimizable to tray. You can use it as sticky notes replacement.
anacondaportal	Open Source portal system, modular, skinnable, multilanguage, multiplatform, written in C# use SQL Server 2000/2005, MySQL 5, PostGre and many other features.
anaction	Palm Desktop for Windows extension that allows editing Contact, Icon, and Alarm information in To Dos (Tasks) and Appointments (Events) used in conjunction with Agendus (Standard and Pro) by Iambic.
anaesthesia	Anesthesia process monitor and analyzer toolkit
anaglyph4flickr	Anaglyph Viewer for Flickr(tm) allows to view &quot;3D&quot; (crosseye) groups&#039; photos with popular blue/red glasses.
anaglyphcam	Webcam Anaglyph Driver to have a 3D Videoconference
anagmt	World Clock is a utility for checking other country&#039;s local date and time, Capital City and International Direct Dialing.
anagrade	An analysis program for IGCSE / GCSE and IB grades, used primarily to calculate IB, IG, and American GPA grades.
anagrams	Anagrams is an interactive multi-player web game in which players steal words by rearranging letters.
anahy	Anahy is a programming environment that offers resources for the development of parallel programs, aiming basically at the decomposition of the application in concurrent activities, and an executive to efficiently exploring the available hardware.
anairc	A chat where all the clients send the data to the whole subned. Usefull in enviroments where you can&#039;t set up an irc chat, you can&#039;t send messages to other users but all the computers are linked in a network. You better avoid using it in intern
analina	AnaLina is a mathematics/physics presentation, visualization and simulation system. It is intended to be used by teachers etc. in classrooms to help in teaching linear algebra and physics (mainly mechanics).
analista	This project consists of bigger junction of the professionals attending a course Analyzes of Systems in the UNIBAN - University. Displaying works, ideias, curriculum, etc...
analizaprojektu	Statistical analysis of previous planning projects in order to estimate length and cost of current or future ones.
analizator	IP Sniffer and Grapher
anallog	Log Analyzer (ver. alpha 0.1) is an analyzing tool for gameserver-logs. The currently supportet game is &quot;Call of Duty&quot; and it&#039;s addon &quot;United Offensive&quot; but many more will follow! Questions anymore? mail me: ccdos@web.de
analog	Web server logfile analysis
analog4j	Analog4J is a tool for analysing Logginginformation. Loginfo can come from files or via online sources like sockets (like log4J SocketAppenders). Loginfo can be displayed, filtered and is prepared in statistics (events per time, etc.)
analoglive	Animated display of server processes using php and imagemagick. Analog and bar style guages are animated and appear to be &quot;live&quot;. Your server must support multiple simultaneous image create calls and have imagemagick installed and accessable fr
analogosx	The Mac OS X Port of analog which has been specially rewritten into ObjC code to take advantage of Cocoa.  The rewrite will also incorporate new features not found in the console version.  Includes a graphical interface, support for XML property lists. .
analogtime	Set international time zone for 3 to 6 analog clock faces,  Software is currently written in C# and uses eSellerate&#039;s integrated purchasing engine.
analogy	A scene-based environment for the creation and performance of live electronics pieces, using Csound patches, VST plugins and an assortment of native DSP and GUI  elements.
analrisk	Despite the funny name, AnalRisk allows to perform a full risks and requirements analysis. Risks and requirements are graphically displayed. The requirements are graphically connected to the risks that are tackled and to the risks that are introduced.
analysenotiz	While analysing an application you need a quick way to take organised notes. This project wants to provide a quick interface which allows to save everything you find out in a hierarchically structured database. That data should be useful as documentation
analysis11	This project provides the analytical models for IEEE 802.11 based medium control protocols.
analysys	Analysys is a no-nonsense persistence layer generation tool for Java.    Simple POJOs can be generated directly from your database schema, and you can be up and running in minutes.
analyticsplug	Easy way to plug Google Analytics code into your website
analyzator	Analyzator is a HTML page analyser and parser intended to extract content from a HTML page and store it into a XML file. The extraction process is controlled by a simple script language designed for this purpose.
analyzer	The Calculus project should include a derivator for multiple derivatives, and integrator for iterated integrals and other calculus features that I am not familiar with as of yet. This project is based on C (C++) and GNU bc.
analyzer3	Analyzer is a network analyzer for Win32, based on the WinPcap packet capture library. It provides also monitoring and event logging capabilities. Analyzer makes use of the NetPDL language, which allows changing the protocol description dynamically.
ananas	ANANAS is a new architecture for adhoc networks. Based on the combined use of a classical adhoc routing protocol and virtual adhoc interfaces, Ananas allows a complete support for the IP protocol over adhoc networks.
ananasproject	Ananas is a runtime and development environment of Finance Applications
anar-chat	A www-based chat system wich includes a number of cool features.
anarbb	AnarBB: A bulletin board system that allows infinite flexability in the interface!
anarchism	An exhaustive exploration of Anarchist (libertarian socialist) theory and practice. It covers all major topics, from the basics of Anarchism to very specific discussions of politics, social organization, and economics.
anarchist	An ASCII tactics RPG which draws influence from Final Fantasy Tactics and Nethack.
anarchivist	Anarchivist is the name of the rewrite of the AustLII software (www.austlii.edu.au). The project seeks to produce a full-text indexing search engine (for remote and local documents) and an XML/XSLT based document repository, among others.
anarchonomy	Anarchonomy is a Java application simulating AI agent based production, consumption, trade and force with a minimum of economic assumptions, letting users create and change their own rule and scenario sets.
anarchyircd	A highly minimalistic IRC daemon that facilitates &quot;powerless&quot; IRC, security (SSL), and anonymity
anarchyoffline	A working Anarchy Online server emulator, which allows the study of client-server communication in a massively-multiplayer roleplaying game. The finished project allows users to create their own private AO servers.
anasig	anasig is signal analyzer with an open architecture. It uses modules SciPy and matplotlib.
anasm	ANASM is an assembler , which is written completely in assembly language .
anastacia	Anastacia Messenger is a multi protocol instant messenger, currently supporting ICQ, MSN and Yahoo. Written in Java, it offers a solution for people working with different operating systems, giving them the chance to use the same messenger/gui anywhere.
anastasia	Anastasia is a SGML/XML publication tool which allows the processing and searching of large documents using tcl scripting.
anatest	The aim of the project is to create a closed-respose testing system on-line. Initially developed with in mind the anatomy course at the University of Florence (Italy), the system can be used for general purposes. Written in PHP requires a web server and 
anathema	Anathema is an exhaustive suite for all aspects of Exalted series management, featuring character and campaign management, media library, script notes and more. Supports both First and Second Edition. Exalted is (c) by White Wolf Publishing
anatimer	Anahaw Internet Cafe Timer is an internet cafe administration program. Basic function include client shutdown,logoff, restart and monitoring. It can handle up to 16 workstation. The server can be used also as stand alone (client need not be connected).
anatoliamud	Anatolia MUD is a Multi-User Dungeon game based on Diku MUD. Anatolia is another name for Asia-Minor: where Asia and Europe intersect. Anatolia MUD is a text based multi-user game. For further details please visit: http://anatoliamud.sf.net
anatrolivre	Anatrolivre é um programa para análise de troncos.
anax	AnaX (Ana4 and Ana6) consists in two proposals for ad hoc network architecture. The goal of AnaX is to efficiency support TCP/IP compatibility (IPv6 and IPv4), Internet connectivity, multi-interface routing and vertical handoffs in ad hoc networks.
anaxagora	The AnaXagora platform is a change management platform that combines an e-learning module (LMS), a knowledge management module (KM), a business process management module (BPM), and a competences management module (HR).
anaxor	A game-generic framework for creating playing card games in Java.
anbu	ANBU is an Open Source operating system combining what we like about Unix with new and interesting ideas.
anca	Anca is a H.323 client for Qt 3.x. It means that it allows communicating (voice/video) with other similar clients over internet, eg. Gnomemeeting. Its design is minimalist and clean; has a support for embedded devices. It is very modular.
ancamnia	The project is a topdown viewed 2D RPG/Hack&#039;n&#039;slash a bit similiar to older Ultimas. The game&#039;s &quot;engine&quot; is developed with C++ and the maps, items and NPC behaviour is scripted with Lua.
anchuan	Project WinSec, codenamed Firefly, is a GNU GPL licensed security program for checking and applying Microsoft© Windows© updates, and fixing other security issues automatically.
ancient-books	Ancient Books Management System and Online Ancient Book Reading platform.
ancientlegends	Ancient Legends is an open source RTS/RPG game, written in C++ and based on Ogre3D engine. The project also features generic tools or libraries for terrain generation, vegetation generation, pathfining.
ancientwars	Ancient Wars - CRPG Game For MSWindows &amp; *nix
ancilla	Ancilla is a Filemaker 7 Based Helpdesk, used to track support calls, integrated knowledge base, can organize downloads, and asset management system.
ancms	(a)nother (n)eat CMS - anCMS, is yet another CMS, but with a difference. It attempts to consolidate most common and desirable needs of the online communities, into one single, easy to set up, system. Check it at http://hamariduniya.net/, http://wpaa.org/
and	AND is a flexible, configurable auto nicer daemon for Linux, OpenBSD, Digital UNIX, FreeBSD, Solaris and IRIX. It can be set up to privilegue users, groups, or programs.
and-httpd	And-httpd is an HTTP server that maps URLs to files. It currently has a $2000 &quot;security guarantee&quot; against remote attacks.
andaluz	A Python implementation in D language.
andante	A sheet music composition tool (for guitar, piano, etc.) using MusicXML.  Including conversions of many music notation formats (such as Tablature, PDF, abc, XML, MP3 and MIDI)  to and from MusicXML.
andecerto	AndeCerto is a game that allows the user interact with sets of objects while walking in various scenarios. The user explore the environment to acomplish tasks and achieve his own conclusons on the subject. It is built in Java for educational purposes.
anderssehncms	AnderssehnCMS is written in PHP and uses MySQL, PEAR and SMARTY-Template Engine. It manages the content of your site in two navigations(topic/subtopic), so it gives your site a clear and simple view. Also: history function, multilanguages, WYSIWYG, BBCod
andes	This software project hopes to develop a instant messenger (IM) based on the Microsoft .NET Framework using C#. It will include a plugin system that allows for multiple types of IM protocols. This also includes a purpose to have a clean and functional UI
andesta	Java disk/CD/DVD/HD/whatever cataloguer designed to allow the storage and search of different types of data. Hibernate or JDO will be used for catalog storage and maybe some native functions for volume data retrieval (serial and label).
andi	This project provides open software for working with analytical instrumentation data using the ASTM &quot;ANDI&quot; standard.
andi-ortlos	A.N.D.I. (A New Digital Instrument for creative networked collaboration): On the one hand it is a database-driven collaborative Java environment and on the other hand it will enable the development of future software and tools for creative collaboration.
andilabs	Scripts y archivos para una facil configuracion de LTSP bajo debian y ubuntu. Te permite levantar un ltsp en cuestionde minutos, con una minima intervención por parte del administrador en archivos de configuracion.
andimap	ANDiMAPeTTo - Automated Network Discovery, Mapping And Penetration Testing Tool
andlu	andlu is a planning project.
andorra	Andorra 2D is the new generation 2D Engine for Delphi/Kylix and Lazarus. Through multiple plugins Andorra 2D gives the possibility of using DirectX or OpenGL. There are a lot of tools and demos available.
andranalizer	Andranalizer is a tool to display and analize the archived messages of Yahoo Messenger.
andrbiz	Database application allowing to gate messages from/to FIDONET.
andrea	ANDReA is a LAMP based system for registration of network clients by using DHCP. Splitting the network into &quot;boot-net&quot; for unregistered users and a &quot;real-net&quot; for registered onses is making it possible to gather server-sided informati
andrea-upnp	Andrea UPnP Suite is a GNU GPL implementation of a Upnp Stack for the .Net plateform with implementations of common standard devices, starting by a MediaServer.
andreluiz	Andr? Luiz Software - Website with lots of cool open source programs.
andrewquiz	PHP/MySQL based quizzing system.
andro	Complete database application toolset, including database building and upgrading(automations, constraints, security), web framework, documentation generation, source control and version control.
andromda	AndroMDA is a code generation framework that follows the Model Driven Architecture (MDA) paradigm. It takes a UML model from a CASE-tool and generates classes and deployable components (J2EE or other) specific for your application architecture.
andromdaplugins	This project is a community platform for plug-ins for the code generator AndroMDA. Here, users of AndroMDA can share and contribute any plug-in they like, e.g. cartridges, repositories, template-engines, metafacades, translation libraries, and so on.
andromeda9	Andromeda 9 is a 3D multiplayer-only action space-sim. Spaceships fight in each other in: deathmatch, team deathmatch, capture the flag, domination and race.
andromedacore	The Andromedia Core is a CMS that will allow skinning and include an admin control panel.  It will use PHP and MySQL.  This project is to try to combine the web Design community and the web programming community.  I will use my own server for a test site
andromedeircd	AndromedeIRCd is an ircd based on bahamut with many useful additional commands, including host encryption, the sethost command, etc.
anduril	We are working on &#039;Content Aliasing Avoidance&#039; in Squid. Squid cannot recognise duplicate content from different URLs and might actually download content that might already exist on its cache, from a different URL (mirrors).
andy-quest	Supergood arcade game with Eye-Catching Gfx and Amazing GamePlay!!!
andyadmin	Web-based ISP multiple-server virtual webhosting manager.  Uses Apache, PHP, Perl, SSH, qmail, Bind, etc.  Designed for scalability and reliability (and least amount of human resources per customer).
andychat	AndyChat is a console chat program written in Perl and Curses which supports chatting on multiple servers on multiple protocols in multiple windows.
andypic	A middle-weight image hosting system for your website.  Less features than Gallery, but more features than simple thumbnail generation systems.  Written in Perl and uses ImageMagick.
andyspalm	Do you like final fantasy? Or kyle&#039;s Quest? Well i do! So I created my own! Do or Die! It&#039;s a role playing game (RPG) where you fight monsters, upgrade and customize charactors, upgrade and customize your airship...well just check it out! (Palm
anebg	Collection of PHP codes, add them to your website.
anemasys	Anemasys is a network managemet system for small networks of Linux clients. It provides functions like state control and class based remote administration facilities. It consits of a collection of python scripts and an admin gui frontend.
anese	aNESe (Another NES Emulator) is intended to be a portable NES emulator, currently being developed in C++ (under MSVC).
anet	ANet is a peer-to-peer networking protocol that implements an anonymous distributed network. With a common framework, it allows to do things similar to Gnutella, Freenet, &quot;chat rooms&quot;, file transfer protocols, newsgroups, and so on.
anetgen	ANETGen is a Tool By Which code can be generated in .NET (Vb,C#) whcih makes developemnt much faster. All is need to create a Relational database in MS SQl server 2000 . After that ANETGen can generate code and Forms.
anetlistcompare	Advanced netlist comparer. For createing ECO for PCAD PCB and ORCAD schematic.
aneuhub	A hub software for windows
aneuronalnet	A set of interfaces and some implementation for neruon based peer to peer neural network.
anews	A-News is a news-system product that can make posting news something simple compared without having to upload files to the server or anything. It allows for multiple staff members to be registered at different levels. And It saves all of the news in XML
anextfs	anextfs is a FUSE-based Filesystem. It enables serverside serialization and local file-caching.
aneyetvimporter	A unofficial Spotlight (OS X Tiger) plugin for EyeTV recordinged media files.
angajati	&quot;Angajati&quot; se adreseaza firmelor care au un numar mediu-&gt;mare de angajati si care ofera acestora posibilitatea de achizitiona/imprumuta anumite valori pe perioade specificate. Programul uramreste restituirea acestora conform unui calendar.
angal	Open Hospital - Hospital Information System for Angal - Uganda. Patient management, pharmacy, laboratotry, pregnancy and malnutrition control management. Developed by Informatici Senza Frontiere
angeftpoverssh	Ange ftp over SSH is a Perl wrapper around ssh that emulates an ftp client. This allows emacs to edit remote files using the ange-ftp package.
angel	Angel is a simple yet useful tool to monitor the services on your network. Technically speaking, it&#039;s a Perl program that runs every &#039;n&#039; minutes (usually fired from your cron) and calls different perl subprograms (referred as &quot;plugins
angel-lsm	AngeL makes your host unable to send hostile traffic across the network. It also blocks a large number of root compromise attacks and local denial of services, using LSM framework and perfom input sanity checks allowing or not the requested services.
angelcms	Angel CMS is write with Visual Basic .NET, easy to use ... join us in our project!
angelion-tdc	Isometric client/server based MMORG Featuring: 2d+ (isometric mapstacking), tilestretching (looks 3d) and realtime map editing. Uses SDL graphics library for portability.
angelos-im	Instant messenger client for GNUstep.  Using Bj?rn Giesler&#039;s port of the AddressBook framework, Angelos accesses the user&#039;s addressbook to produce a buddylist with real names and photos.
angelsbot	An Anarchy-Online Bot
angelscript	AngelScript is an extremely flexible cross-platform scripting library designed to allow applications to extend their functionality through external scripts. It has been designed from the beginning to be an easy to use component.
angeocalc	This is a Program to evaluate problems in analytical geometry for use by all.
angie	An executable specification for enterprise applications is built. The specification is compiled to state-of-the-art enterprise application technologies. In due course compiler construction tools that specifically fit the format of the language are design
angie-mapper	Delphi/Kylix based Diplomacy mapping software. It reads output from Diplomacy Adjudicators and produces maps.
angiraonline	A new online game using real-time combat in a massivley multiplay game environment, that also focuses on crafting and a roleplaying atmosphere.  Will also be plotted around a large expansive world in which you can conquer, to become king of the lands.
angis	Software data reduction package
angkor	Angkor is an easy-to-use component model for producing interactive and reusable J2EE web systems using object oriented methodologies. It is built on a flexible pipeline architecture and very easy to integrate with other technologies.
angn	Alpha Engine is an &quot;Portal&quot; system. Designed for PHP 4.1.0 (or above) and the most popular SQL servers (MySQL, PostgreSQL, MS SQL Server, mSQL and others).
angrysource	AngrySource is an OpenSource PHP Software package that allows you to take FULL advantage of your PHP and MySQL abilities.
angst	Angst is an active sniffer, based on libpcap and libnet.  Dumps into a file the payload of all the TCP packets received on the specified ports.  Also, it implements methods for active sniffing of networks with switches.
angua	Angua is a debate-tabbing system, designed to run over the web or an intranet.  It requires MySQL, Python2.1 and Apache to function.
angularsync	AngularSync brings enterprise level &quot;real time&quot; data replication practices to everyone. Maximize your return on investment by leveraging this technology with existing systems.
anhorga	This is a project to do a portal for managing raids on game World of Warcraft
ani	ANI provides a fully automated, unattended setup environment for Windows OS (NT / 2000 / XP). Based on a Linux single floppy boot media, high flexibility, portability and marginal maintenance is warranted. SMB / NFS capability allows central I386 sources
ani2d	The Fortran 77 package Ani2D solves systems of PDEs with variable tensor coefficients on unstructured adaptive triangular meshes. It provides three portable libraries: mesh generation, metric-based mesh adaptation, and finite element discretizations.
ani3d	Fortran/C package Ani3D solves systems of PDE with variable tensor coefficients on unstructured adaptive tetrahedral meshes. It provides 4 portable libraries: mesh generation, anisotropic metric-based adaptation, finite element discretizations, ILU solve
anides	ANIDES - Advanced Network Intrusion Detection System for Linux servers
anids	Argus NIDS is a small, fast, and easily expandable network intrusion detection systems designed with small to moderate sized networks in mind.  User defined rules make this system highly custumizable and powerful.
anifast	Anifast will help you to put together sprites which consist of several parts and create animations from these sprites. The animationdata is saved in a XML-format. The friendly GUI will give you immediate feedback for the whole process.
anigraff	This package is intended to provide a user with the ability to visualise the runtime behaviour of graph and tree based algorithms. It is developed using Qt, C++ and &quot;dot&quot; system. Works on GNU/Linux platform.
anikas	A web-based RSS news feeds reader; it classifies hundreds of RSS news feeds into 10 categories from 30+ different News websites and uses Google News Search for users to search for specific news on the web. It is written in Microsoft ASP/C# .NET.
anim	Public character/animation pipeline tools for Autodesk&#039;s Maya.
anim2000	Anim 2000 is a professional pre-production stages (story-board, layout &amp; posing) software for 2D animation production.
anim2d	This project is about a software which can produce a cartoon-movie. Physics effects and a kind of script language allow producer to create actors, scenes and make them play thanks to a scenario.
anim8orloader	Anim8orLoader is a Java 3D loader for 3D models or scenes saved in the Anim8or file format (.an8).
anim8ortoolkit	A culmination of Anim8or related &quot;plugin&quot; applications; Multiple programs will be implemented into a graphical user interface that allows for a comfortable Anim8or environment outside of the actual Anim8or application.
anima	Anima is a sprite animation editor designed to facilitate the creation of open source games. It is based on the KDE/Qt user-interface libraries. Eventually, Anima will be part of a larger project which is to develop a suite of game production tools.
animadead	A skeletal animation library designed to load and play skeletal animations. It supports models that are composed of several swappable meshes bound to a single skeleton that can be driven by multiple animations and has an export plug-in for Maya.
animail	POP3, APOP and IMAP4 (with or without SSL) MDA with spam filtering and featuritis
animal	Animal is AN IMAging Library written in C. Its simple API supports over 80 image formats, and is intended to make massive use of other image processing libraries. Animal aims at image analysis and recognition. It is mainly the C basis of the SIP toolbox.
animal-imaging	&quot;animal-imaging&quot; is a project to collect and disseminate information on imaging technologies (e.g. CT, MRI, PET, ultrasound) pertinent to the vivo imaging of animals.
animal-towns	This project will make a Web based version of the known game Animal Crossing as a real time game so you make live in a town that is moving like the real world
animalshelter	Animal Shelter is an open sourced PHP based Animal Shelter website system.  Features include web based administrative panel, automatic animal matching (emails users when an animal matches their criteria), and a built in search to locate animals.
animaltracker	Animal Tracker is a solution for trainers, kennels, breeders, animal sanctuaries and others.  It includes animal management, training and health records, document generation, reporting, and more.
animatedgaming	MMORPG Server Software development
animationpackag	AnimationPackage is an ActionScript 2.0 library compatible to Flash Player 6 and above. It helps Flash developers to create powerful, maintainable  animations in an efficient and easy way, resulting in small file sizes.
animator	The vector animation solution for your Microsoft Pocket PC (and beyond).
animatorvce	Animator VCE is a tool for splitting single frames and frame sequences into an animation, synchronizing with audio track, adding special effects and exporting to AVI or GIF.
animcreator	A 2D cartoon movie creator aid, supporting scanning, svg and bitmap images, multi-layer compositing, in-betweening, color fill, sound, lip-sync and final rendering.
anime	ANIME&#039;s New Interesting Modern Encoder is a public domain video codec that is optimised for animated material such as anime and cartoons in general.  Its reference implementation will be written as an FFmpeg codec released under the GPL.
anime-desc	A anime-description downloader written in ruby featuring extracted online information from animenewsnetwork.com.
animeasy	This project provides a tool to include in Inkscape. This tool gives to inkscape options to do easy 2D animations using the menu effects, and it&#039;s usefull to teach multimidia concepts to youngs and children. English version in march.
animecodec	Anime Video Compression Codec, an attempt to create a video codec that is very efficient for anime - small file size.
animedb	AnimeDB is a software writen in php using MySQL to store information about anime fansubs. Can be used on the Internet or localy.
animelister	Animelister is a PHP and MySQL -based database for keeping your anime fansub collection organized. It has customizable categories, request lists, fansubber database, searches and so on, while still remaining simple to use.
animelog	A system to provide students with animations in 3D virtual\nenvironments of the interactions of agents, in which the interaction\nprotocols and the behavior of the agents are specified as logical\ntheories implemented in prolog
animemix	Small project to sort and view movie/music files, with a few extra features to make things a bit easyer.
animemonitor	AnimeMonitor is a C# gui application that monitors RSS feeds of torrent files and allow for downloading and auto-launching the assoc. torrent app to handle the torrent file downloaded.
animix	Animix brings a storyboard to life by combining and synchronising storyboard frames with a soundtrack, allowing an artist or animator to quickly create, and present an Animatic over the web.
animl	This project supports ASTM E13.15 &quot;Analytical Data Magement&quot; in it&#039;s work defining an XML standard for representing, managing and interchanging analytical chemistry data.
animltools	.Net based tools for AnIML formatted data files
animp	Animp is an OpenGL program to display movies of particles in motion where the movies are produced by adding calls to animp library routines to simulation code written in either C++ or Fortran.  Animp can also display molecules read from PDB files.
animtutmaker	Animated Tutorial Maker, is a graphical user interface, to make animated interactive movies. The author will record his actions, and then save them to a file viewable with most browsers, or browsers with an appropriate plugin.
anircd	Anircd (http://www.anircd.com/wiki/) is a fully working ircd developed in the C++ language. It runs designed to run on all posix like operating systems, so the use off modules is a nice add-on.
anis	The AnimationS applet is a Java-based applet that is designed to allow you to create animations for browsers with a minimum of effort. It allows for not only animating, but fading, colorizing, zooming, overlays (of things like map outlines) and &quot;por
anisas	A Net-based Interactive Sound Art System that allows composers/players to incorporate aesthetic approaches from electronic music, net.art, sonic art, and soundscapes. It is based on a peer-to-peer architecture and without the restraints of MIDI/score. Wr
aniscript	ANIscript is a collection of useful scripts that simplifie the installation of additional software during unattended OS setup. This collection is intended to be used in conjunction with sf.net ANI or unattended project, or whatever purpose you need it fo
aniss	AnissTranslator is the open source development of Hebrew and spoken arabic online translation. It is devleoped by the peace-seeking Aniss organization and intended to be used by web applications or as a standalone php package
anita-lite	Data taking and telemetry system for the ANITA-lite ballooon experiment.  Daemons to receive and execute commands and return packetized data via a slo serial link.The code produced is likely to be generaly useful in conducting remote experiments over low
anitmt	AniTMT is a flexible and powerful 3D animation system
anitoolbox	AniToolBox  aims to be an Open Source and Free Computer Aided Animation program suite. Since the project is still in its initial planning phase, suggestions are very welcome.
anix	A operating system designed to be compatable with the linux and uinx software, that is capable of running as a modern operating system.
anj	anj is a java Swing code generator. anj allows users to Drag&amp;Drop getter and setter methods of two classes to generate java mapping code.
anjali	Anjali OS is a Linux-based, 32- bit operating system complete with a closely integrated set of utilities, packaging system, and a user interface.
anjims	Advanced Notebook Journaling Information Management System. It is used to compile notes, quotes and other information to be used in talks papers and the like later.
anjuta	Anjuta is a versatile IDE for C and C++, written for GTK/GNOME. Features include project management, application wizards, an onboard interactive debugger, and a powerful source editor with browsing and syntax highlighting.
anjuta-extras	This project is aimed at providing extra plugins and enhancements for the Anjuta IDE [http://anjuta.org].
ank99	documentation about xoops
anka	Anka is a collaborative whiteboard - allowing you to draw and share your whiteboard over the internet. The future is here!
ankete	Ankete, sistem za vodenje vprasanj in zadovoljstev od uporabnikov
ankhaatk	?????????? ????????? ??????? ?????? ?????? ????.
ankiwall	A webinterface for IPTABLES.
anl	The software implements an adaptive steganography algorithm called Adaptive Minimum Error Least Significant Bit Replacement(AMELSBR) along with AES 128, 192 and 256 bit cipher for 24-bit bitmap files.
anlboard	megadevelopers anl|board
anlif	ALF : Animal Liberation Front - take the role of an activist and free animals from test labs
anmewoot	Evolveing an Anime &quot;TiVO&quot;; Part one: make a program that searches and sorts all the anime on your computer.
anmoat	Implementing asynchronous web-application to retrieve and view in user-friendly way information representing distributed nodes which implement sensors that refer to some system Scenario.
ann-clisp	A general and small implementation of an artificial neural network in Common Lisp.
anna	Anna^ is a versatile IRC bot written in perl.\nAnna^ has a multitude of functions, including the ability to save small notes, quotes, haikus and more. She can also interact with various websites, like google and bash.org.
annabot	Anna is a set of AIML files designed to create a chat bot that will win the 2002 Loebner Prize. Anna is a fundamental departure from other bots in that she identifies herself as human and has her personality built up from there.
annauniversity	Chathurangam is a tool used for tabulated Tamil data. The operation includes basic calculations, drawing charts for given value, changing table attributes and changing data attributes.
annauniversity1	Palagai the Tamil word processor is aimed at Tamil users. It provides basic facilities for word processing both in Tamil and English. There are two versions-Spell-checker and grammar-checker, and Another without the spell checker and grammar-checker.
annauniversity2	Arangam is a &quot;Presentation Tool for Tamil&quot;. It is a module in Tamil Office Suite. Main Features include manipulation of Text, Shape, Picture and Slideshow. This specification is used to review and test this product.
annauniversity3	Thaenkoodu is a tool used as Tamil Interface for database. This database tool can store Tamil data and can handle tables, queries, forms and reports easily. The user interface is in Tamil catering to the people who are only conversant in Tamil.
annchienta	The Annchienta project is a single player graphical 2D tile-based RPG. It is a game written in C++, it offers a field screen and a turn-based strategical battle system in a fantasy world. You can battle monsters and complete your epic and tragic quest.
anne	Automated Analysis and Network Emulation (ANNE) is a sandbox to analyze unknown w32 binaries like malware in a *nix environment in an automated way.
anne2d	The game is a Counter-Strike - Command &amp; Conquer. 2D Comand &amp; Conquer like maps are the battle base for a Terror , Counter-Terror fight. Counter Strike has the lack of one big aspect - - - -&gt; \\&quot;Heavy Weapons\\&quot; like Jeeps, Tanks, Heli
annealer	A simulated annealing library, featuring Boltzmann and Fast annealing, several temperature scheduler, random distributions and examples
annealia	A Java/C API holding solution finders for the traveling salesman problem.
annectobot	An IRC bot for the .NET environment. Connects to other bots and creates a botnet similar to eggdrop. One bot could be part of multiple botnets.
annemf	Project aim is : build EMF model, which inteded to be used with ordinary java classes to implement SOM and MLP neural networks.
annevolve	We experiment with Evolution of Artifical Neural Networks, combining the two fields of Evolutionary Computation and ANNs. Our methods are applied to a variety of interesting problems. To learn more, click on &quot;Home Page&quot;, &quot;Mail&quot;, or &q
annex	Automatic ID3 tag and file name editor.
annfi	This is a C++ Neural Network controller developed under Linux. This controller abstracts a reletionship between inputs and outputs. The data used are in text format. New  neuron types are  needed and a graphic interface. www.unipd.it/~akela2/project
annihilation	SDL/OpenGL port of a classic two-player action game Destruction II.
anno-params	Command line parameters binding library. Uses Java annotations for binding, simple POJOs (Plain Old Java Objects). Type conversion and extension with java.text.Format. Generates help page automaticaly. Displays errors for wrong parameters and values.
annocpan	AnnoCPAN (Annotated CPAN) aims to create a website where Perl programmers can read the CPAN modules&#039; documentation along with margin notes added by the users themselves.
annodomino	An annotation library for Webwork/Struts 2. Annotations will be for marking actions, controller logic, etc.
annolizer	A Java Library for Serializing Java Objects into XML and deserializing XML files into java objects using annotations in the java source to control the format of the XML.
annotate	The Annotation Engine is the grandiose name for a proxy that allows people to add footnotes to pages anywhere on the web.  It ultimately aspires to be a tool for discussion and collaborative editing of documents.
annotatio	Ever wanted to create notes for pages on the web and be able to share them? This framework allows to create annotations to XML and HTML documents. Annotations are independent of presentation and can be traced back even if part of the document changed.
annotation-obj	Java library that allows Java 1.5 runtime Annotations to be read as arbitrary graphs of regular Java objects.
annotationquery	A command-line program to manipulate annotated genetic sequences  (initially in EMBL format). The user supplies a pattern to identify which features or qualifiers to process. These can then be deleted, renamed etc
annotator	This project will provide the infrastructure for cooperative annotation of signals  relevant to linguistics, phonetics, speech therapy and behavioural science.
annoty	Annoty is an annotation web service implemented using Java undertaken by the University of Huddersfield, UK, with public funding from the UKs Joint Information Systems Commitee (JISC) and is aimed at any educational environment.
announcelist	The AnnouceList system is for managing centrally administered announcement mailing lists only, and is targeted for use by private clubs or groups.
annuaire	&quot;Annuaire&quot; (Directory) is a tool that offers families, associations or other groups what they need to manage a private directory on the web. Adresses, e-mails, phone numbers and a photograph of each member is stored in a MySQL database.
annuairewifi	Site Web pour visualiser les points d&#039;accès Wifi (utilisant Google Map API)
annuity-lm	Annuity-lm is a simple financial software to calculate value of interest rates, regular payments (annuity), present and future value.
annutils	A library and set of utilities for using artificial neural networks in flexible and expandable ways.
annvisualizer	The purpose of this project is to implement a java program that can show/edit Neural Network objects made in matlab.
annwebservice	The Annotation Web Service (AWS) is a Web Service for managing shared annotations (notes, comments, explanations) of multimendia documents. With corresponding clients it is imaginable to make annotations to text, HTML, Video, Audio etc.
anny	anny is a simple, flexible, expanded library for generation 2D/3D capthca in your web applications.
ano	Almost Naked Objects intend to be a web based, less restrictive version of Naked Objects, enabling the user to do declarative configuration/cutomization to define navigation and flow, as well as fully or partially overwrite the layout of the generated UI
ano-lasthope	ano-lasthope is a web based game, principes are pretty much simple : you&#039;re a governor, the Emperor died, and you will now try to become THE emperor.
anoa	ANOA is a web aplication framework based on PHP::PEAR. At begining ANOA is a name of an Application, gradually it is transformed to be an web application framework.
anoa-api	Anoa is an object persitence API, written in PHP, for use in PHP.  It is designed to make it super easy to store and retieve objects from a relational database.  Design goals are simplicity/elegance, modularity, and portablility.
anode	Advanced Network Object Distribution Environment. Simply but effective Java-based environment that utilize my new conception of a network based computing.
anodms	ANODMS (Another Data Management System)\n\nThis project is a fork of the MyDMS project originally coded by Markus Westphal.\nIt an open-source document-management-system based on PHP and MySQL.
anoglin	An OpenGL Wrapper which allows to modify the commands&#039; stream and customize the display. You can use it also to spy any OpenGL application.
anoi	This is a prototype implementation of &quot;A Network of Ideas&quot; (ANOI) content system.
anoid	Anoid NG is a 3D version of the well-known games Arkanoid and Breakout.  Anoid NG allows the user to specify levels using an XML format, and even extend the game with new objects.
anole	Anole is a set of APIs provides a simple way to internationalizing and localizing your (Java) application. It also contains something for customing the look and feel of Swing based GUI application.
anomalywiki	Anomaly Wiki is a file-based content management system (CMS) written in Php. The main goals are fast browsing, easy customisation and few requirements (no database or other dependencies). All you need is a web server running PHP 4.3.0 or later.
anon3d	Anonymous 3D Game Engine
anonichan	This project aims to create a truly anonymous imageboard, that does not require any centralised server to run.
anoninbox	AnonInbox is a PHP script which provides users with anonymous access to email. It uses a MySQL database for efficient storage of mail. Old messages are automatically removed at a specified interval. Malicious attachments are blocked.
anonproxyserver	Anonymous proxy server. Supports http, https, socks. Can be used as a normal proxy or as a p2p anonymous proxy. Web based drag and drop access configuration. Works with windows, linux. IE, firefox, etc. Visit http://anonproxyserver.sf.net/ for more info.
anonvelope	anonvelope is a mail-message processing program that is designed to allow the message to make full use of Type-I (cpunk-style) remailers.  It is especially designed to work with Pine, but it is possible it may be used with other MUA&#039;s.
anonycat	Anonycat is web-based software that allows you to surf the web anonymously and bypass overly restrictive corporate firewalls or monitoring/blocking software. It can be used online (http://anonycat.com), or run as a service on your own webserver.
anonym-os	kaos.theory&#039;s Anonym.OS LiveCD is a bootable live cd based on OpenBSD that provides a hardened operating environment whereby all ingress traffic is denied and all egress traffic is automatically and transparently encrypted and/or anonymized.
anonymizer	This project aims at developing a tool for tcpdump traffic traces anonymization (useful for network monitoring and Intrusion Detection Systems), in order to preserve privacy.
anonymmail	AnonymMail is a webbased mailclient based on PHP.You can choose the name and the adress whre the email is coming from.It&#039;s my first prject,and i want to develop an Windows Client in delphi if there are much interest&#039;s
anonysharebcy	Java-based file sharing alternative allowing anonymous particpation from nodes across an IP-based network.
anope	Anope Services are built off of the original Epona code written by Lara which is built off of IRC Services. These services have advanced the original Epona code and include new featuers such as Modules, Mysql, and Defcon Mode.
anopephp	AnopePHP is a set of php files that allows users to view, manage, register, delete their nickserv reigstrations, chanserv registrations, their grouped nicknames, and allows services admins and operators to manage their services all from one site.
anorak	PyS20 application for Nokia Series 60.  Uses cell tower info to guess where you are.  Allows you to select a timetable for a journey and reports how early/late you are running.  Triggers alarms and sends SMS messages at specified locations.
anorasi	This projects is a (kinda) realistic vehicle racing simulation. It uses ODE for physics simulation, OpenAL++ for audio output and Irrlicht for graphics. It enables network multiplayer games.
another	Another Space Shooter is at the moment a small top-scrolling space shooter engine. I&#039;ll be adding content, scoring, and &quot;power-ups&quot; slowly in hopes beating it into a full fledged game.
another-project	This is an OS kernel for arm920t platform.
anotherbb	&quot;Another Bulletin Board&quot; is a Smarty &lt;http://smarty.php.net&gt; based bulletin board. Not quite finished yet.
anotherbc	ABC(Another Breakout Clone) is a breakout clone written in c++ using the SDL library.
anotherblock	Another Block is a Tetris® clone developed in C# for .NET Framework for Win. It&#039;s still a basic Tetris®, with no different rules or attractions. It&#039;s a simple game, developed with the goal of having a first step in teaching people how to do C# 
anotherpdflib	This project is intended to achive all the capbilities specified in PDF 1.6 Reference, and provide tools to create, read, manipulate PDF files.
anotherpos	A multi-platform, multi-currency, POS (Point Of Sale) software (with two views: Java struts and .NET), complete with cash register and stock inventory; the software is a complete shop managment system, but so easy and similar to a cash register.
anotherpythchat	chat server written in python, so no buffer overloads, has one channel, shows hostname and ident of connections, has idletime, timestamps, up to 1000 sided die, login history, whiteboard, you can change commands and reload them without kicking out client
anothersniffer	Another Sniffer, is a light weight sniffer, protocol analyzer for the TCP, UDP and ICMP protocol. It is also the Web Usage monitoring tool. The program decodes Base64 encrypted username passwords sent over the http. It also displays the table of websites
anounce	An announcement mailinglist script that can be run for one single purpose. The project is now dead.
anpinger	Anpiner is a network&#039;s nodes monitoring tool using PING
anpj	ANP is an alternative nesC parser written in Java. ANP provides a high-level API to access and manipulate nesC sources.
anprs	ANPRS is an open source &quot;Automatic Number Plate Recognition&quot; software that provides a facility to capture, extract and compare license plate numbers from automobiles.
anq	Allmost all kind of IM software have two specialty: the user&#039;s data is store on a center machine and the content of message may be not security.  AnQ is designed to touch this two aspects.
ans2inp	This program takes to ANSYS mesh output from Pro-Engineer (Pro-E) and translates it into the input format for CalculiX, an open source FEA program.  It only works with mechanical structures.
ansa	Asp.Net Security Analyser (ANSA) is a Windows based online tool that tests the server\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;s security for known security vulnerabilities and mis-configurations. The tool was desiged to allow the protection of ISPs providing shared hosting servic
ansi-st-tests	A test suite that tests for conformance to the ANSI standard for Smalltalk.
ansi2txt	Ansi2txt converts a stream of vt100 (ansi) codes on the stdin into readable\ntext on the stdout. It can also output html that looks quite a lot like your terminal did.
ansi2unicode	Console program to convert ANSI files to UNICODE files. Including Recursive option and filter.
ansible	ansible is a research framework for developing neural networks, written in Python. ansible provides three basic capabilities; a UI server; network statistics for system analysis; and a 3-layered network processing architecture.
ansinerator	Ansinerator is a PHP library that converts color-coded ASCII text (such as ANSI art) into a PNG. ansinerator can also be used to generate functional websites in ANSI graphics, using formatting models similar to HTML/CSS.
ansir	Building rich Java Swing Applets is problematic. HTML markup to embed applets has evolved and continues to be browser dependent. Most embedding examples fail XHTML validation. Our JSP tag library simplifies embedding applets in XHTML pages.
anskernel	To provide an updated page to Apple Network Server Kernel Support
ansr	ANSR (Advanced Network Services Registry) is a Java based family of directory-enabled applications which provide advanced network services, such as DHCP, help manage IP address space, and centralized device registration and management through LDAP.
answercache	Knowledge Base/FAQ generation and maintenance with PHP/MySQL
answerd	US mirror of answerd, a software answering machine. (Records a voice telephone\nmessage and emails it to you as a sound file.) The author of answerd is\nVyacheslav Zamyatin (slawa@medinf.chuvashia.su)
answerme	Answer me is a project designed to create a templated and database backed web environment where users can pose questions to an individual or group and they can be answered in video format.
answers	Answers from Results International (www.resultsinternational.com) is a Learning Management System, based on the latest SCORM standards.  Answers supports far more of the SCORM Data-Model than any of the &#039;big-name&#039; LMS&#039;s, although is more l
ant	Active testing security of network systems and hardware by sending fake data to them.
ant-anl	This is a port of PICAXE-28X BASIC software written by Jim Tregellas VK5JST for his Antenna Analyser project to C for PIC16F873A. The project can be compiled using a free edition of B Knudsen Data CC5X C compiler and MPLAB IDE assembler/linker
ant-check-files	Ant tasks to allow automatic verification of sources
ant-contrib	A home for additional useful tasks and types for Ant (http://ant.apache.org).
ant-dialog	Ant dialog is an ant task with extended features to the standard input ant task. The dialog tasks supports Combos, Radio-Buttons, Checkboxes. Additional validation of required fields is supported.
ant-doxygen	Ant-Doxygen is an Ant task for doxygen, a document generating tool available at www.doxygen.org . Users can integrate doxygen related code with ant task file - build.xml .
ant-eclipse	Ant-Eclipse is a task for the Java build tool Ant generating Eclipse projects to be just imported and used easily. Ant build scripts are used as a central place for the configuration of sources and libraries which the generated projects are based on.
ant-hill	Program simulating in the real time the life of the ant hill by modelling the behavior of each ant. It will show how the large number of simple AIs can form a complex system without a central control.
ant-jms	ant-jms is a simple ant task to send jms messages
ant-jnlp-war	An Ant task to generate a WAR file for a Java Web Start (JNLP) application. Allows for easy packaging and distribution of a Web Start application via a WAR file.
ant-rts	A side-scrolling real-time strategy game, with the ability to burrow beneath your enemies. The side scroll gives a unique perspective not seen in RTS&#039;s.
ant-tibco	ant-tibco project provides an ant extension to support Tibco BusinessWorks deployment automation. This library encapsulates BuildEar and AppManage tool provided into Tibco TRA. It allows you to automate your deployment using the defacto standard tool ant
ant-tools	Ant Build Analysis tools
ant-ubertools	ANT Ubertools. A set of ANT tasks that process XML and generate code.
ant2dot	The ant2dot project provides a means to visualize the targets in an ANT build script and their dependencies.
ant4eclipse	The aim of ant4eclipse is to avoid redundancy between Eclipse and Ant configurations. Its tasks can read Eclipse&#039; configuration files, such as .classpath or .psf. Changes of Eclipse configurations are immediately visible to buildfiles without change
ant4me	This project is concerned with the creation of a suite of ANT Tasks to facilitate the process of creating J2ME (Microedition Java)  applications. Theses tools/tasks automate the laborous process of building J2ME Apps from source to distribution.
ant4oracle	A home for useful tasks and types for Ant (http://ant.apache.org) for working with Oracle databases.
ant4osgi	The aim of ant4osgi is to support the build process of OSGi bundles using the Ant build tool. It provides Tasks that can build, package and verify bundles.
antab	Library of Ant tasks that encapsulate the command line interface to the AlienBrain version control software.
antaddons	ant task&#039;s for eclipse JDT
antaean	Two layer project consisting of the PDB, a OODB mean to replace filesystems, and The Construct, a 3D window manager using the OpenGL API.
antagonistx	AntagonistX will be an Open Source 2D RPG Engine / Game written using the C++ programming language. Supported only by Windows, the AntagonistX Engine will allow users to create games easily without getting into dirty engine programming.
antarctica	Start of Antarctica is a visual workflow generator for WSDL, normal web forms, ssh, SQL queries and XML/DOM documents. Creates visual blocks with in/out parameters, generates java JARs. Based on GEF and what have you.
antares	Antares provides a client and server for a turn based space-themed strategy game. Rules are modular, and the default rules (and the client look and feel) resemble Stars! very closely. It is written in OCaml using the Tk binding.
antares-net	The Advanced Network Traffic Analysis Research and Exploration Suite (ANTARES) is a toolkit for working with flow attributes - computations that can be used to distinguish between different uses of the network, even without using packet payloads.
antbook	Source code, build files and other examples from the book &quot;Ant in Action&quot;, by Steve Loughran and Erik Hatcher, the sequel to &quot;Java Development with Ant&quot;/ This is not a snapshot: it is the live repository for these files.
antbuildcreator	Build Creator is a plugin for Eclipse that adds a wizard for creating Ant build files.
antbuttonz	Simple 3D Learning game written Visual Basic using OpenGL to render.
antcount	Set of Ant filters that can be used to gather statistics from files or resources. It is mainly used for log files analysis. It allows to: - count inputs - count occurrences of each input - calculate average, max and min values of floats in input
antcssvalidator	Java Ant task to wrap the W3C css validator into a format suitable for running within the Apache Ant build system.
antdefects	AntDefects is a web-based issue tracking system that makes handling of software related issues, bugs, or defects in your organization easier than ever before.
antdepo	AntDepo is a flexible distributed automation harness that enables you to break complex management processes down into reusable generic commands. For more information, visit http://www.antdepo.org.
antdns	Antdns provides a minimalistic management interface for the database backend of Bind-DLZ. If need be, the open structure of both code and database schema can be exploited to provide a seamless integration within any current website.
ante	ANTE is a very powerful HTTP and Telnet mud server, with a full cgi and fast-cgi interface to do PHP and scripts written in any language the operating system can run, communicating bi-directionally. Raising the Ante
anteater	Anteater is a log analyser for MTA logfiles (for example sendmail and postfix). The tool is written in 100% C++ and very easy to customize. Input, output, and the analysis are modular class objects with a clear interface.
antediem	El objetivo de este proyecto es construir herramientas para ayudar en calculos relacionados con asuntos jurídicos. P.ej. Liquidaciones, Indexaciones.
anteil	Anteil OpenCRM is a web-architected Customer Relationship Management package developed using only open-source tools and running on an open-source platform of Linux, apache, php, and our open-source udb database abstraction layer.
antelope	&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Antelope has moved to http://antelope.tigris.org.
antenna	The project provides a set of Ant tasks for developing J2ME/MIDP applications based on the J2ME Wireless Toolkit. The new tasks allow for compilation, preverification, packaging, and obfuscation of a MIDlet suite as well as for making a PalmOS PRC file.
anterra	Anellus-Terrarum MUD source code using the LambdaMOO engine and based on the LambdaMOO-minimal database.
antexif	AntExif enables JPEG EXIF data extraction from Ant scripts.
antextras	Java Extras: Java programs, components, libraries etc. They range from simple Swing components to HTML Encoders to ASN.1 Encoding decoding libraries!
antfactory	Producing a commerical-quality build script requires writing thousands of lines of Ant code. The Ant Factory allows for a more concise representation of your building needs which is then translated into an Ant build script.
antfarm	Ant framework for enterprise-grade configuration management
antforms	An Ant task for user interaction based on forms written in Swing. Enables rapid deployment of forms for connecting user input to properties in an Ant script and menus for launching ant tasks..
antgap	GAP is a Generic Jakarta ANT Project file for the complete building of a Java Application from your source to executable jar by simply modifying a simple properties file with details on your project. No knowlege of ANT is required. Great way for the novi
antgenerator	Eclipse plugin to generate Ant Task from an eclipse java project.
antgis	a gis toolkit  for SVG
anthem	Anthem is a powerful desktop MIDI sequencer. It runs under the KDE2 desktop environment. It employs the TSE3 library (a sequencer engine, http://TSE3.sourceforge.net/) to provide advanced sequencing facilities.
anthem-dot-net	Anthem.NET is a free, cross-browser AJAX toolkit for the ASP.NET development environment that works with both ASP.NET 1.1 and 2.0.
anthemirc	Anthro and Eminence&#039;s IRC client: An AJAX-based IRC client with a web service and server daemon.
anthemwiki	A C# Wiki.  I based this on SushiWiki.
anthias	Anthias is (or rather will be) an extended terminal with support for features like Command-line completion Syntax highlighting of command line Directory browsing (in the same spirit of Norton Commander, Krusader, etc).
anthill	AntHill is a software system to design, simulate, evaluate, and debug programs in the .ant language first defined in The Seventh Antual ICFP Programming Contest, ICFP 2004.  Components are the .ant compiler, simualtor, visualizer, and contest system.
anthill2	AntHill is a Software Engineering project at the Warsaw University of Technology at the faculty of Computer Science. It simulates the behaviour of an anthill.\n\nJava technology
anthillbm	The Anthill Bug Manager is a simple, secure, reliable, and fast bug manager based on MySQL and CGI::SecureState.
anthoside	AnthosIDE will be a Developement Environment designed to make writing GTK+ and GNOME applications for Linux/UNIX simple. It will include a compiler, integrated version control, debugging, drag and drop GUI development, and a database access library.
anthrax	The anthrax project is a high-performance analytics library written in Java 5.0 and released under the GPL. The analytics library places particular emphasis on bonds and curves.
anti-cheat	This proyect provides Game Developers some algorithms to improve anti cheat security in their apps.
anti-despotism	anti-Despotism is an open source chat network using a completely new protocol for Linux or Windows. This project is not used a large-user chat network, instead it is hosted and configured on all of the systems that will be networked.
anti-nat	65654
anti-spam-acp	Blocks spam in many ways from your board. Includes a new captcha, url posting control, an inactive userlist, profile options control, a spam log, an email notification option, and more!
antiabylos	Multiplatform MS Windows emulator for *NIX.
antiadpac	AntiAd PAC is a web browser Proxy Automatic Configuration (PAC) file designed to block ads and other unwanted content from pages, making web surfing faster and less annoying.
antiaway	A lot of IRC users hate away messagse, you would just wish they would not be allowed. Well now, using mIRC script, you can prevent them from displaying in your window&#039;s buffer all together! You can also have the messages show up into a seperate wind
antibabel	Educational software for learning vocabulary and conjugation in any european languages. Conjugation is implemented via xml rules, vocabulary can be loaded from text files.
antibadsite	deny the access to the dangrous site
anticassim	Not just a feature-rich password generator for helpdesks and personal use. Also an extensible framework supporting multiple password generator algorithms. Configurable random and pronounceable algorithms (more to be added later). Java/Swing.
anticensorship	This is a program written in perl, that monitors any web-based discussion board (forum) for postings deleted by the admin (&quot;censorship&quot;). Therefore fact holds a local copy of all postings and compares them regularly to the internet.
anticheat	Project mission: &quot;To create free and effective game independant anticheat solution framework.&quot;. Goal of this project is to generate set of utils tied together for the gaming community to fight against cheating, hacks and exploits.
antichess	AntiChess is an anti chess game written in Java. The goal is to get checkmated or lose all your pieces except your king to your opponent. You have to take your opponents piece if you can. It supports 2 player and 4 player games on the same board.
antichess-net	This project is a JSP/Servlet-driven web site that allows both human and AI players to compete in antichess online. More importantly, it serves as a testbed for antichess AI developers.
anticipation	Anticipation is a set of Ant scripts for building pragmatic Java and XML projects.  (Think lightweight Maven.)  It also includes an XSLT stylsheet for producing HTML documentation of Ant build files.
anticms	A CMS for small web pages, featuring a simple template engine and complete content separation; no database required.
anticq	AntIcq wants to have most powerful user interface. You can refer to the OICQ program.And we want to add some extra functions like send songs to friends in the right time,and more powerful in file transfaction. For the chinese user, you can refer to http:
antics	Antics - Yet another collection of custom Apache Ant components: Tasks, tips, examples, idioms, and in-depth articles for build file writers and custom task developers alike.
antidialer	AntiDialer is a QT based broadband dialer for Sify Broadband users in India. It has features comparable to the Sify Windows dialer such as password saving and autologin. Now Sify users no longer have to depend upon the old default dialer provided by Sify
antidote	A daemon for detecting ARP spoofing (sometimes called &quot;poisoning&quot;) on a network &amp; alerting appropriately.
antidoto	Antidoto is a java technology mashup providing building blocks for modular architectures. Antídoto is the portuguese word for antidote. An antidote is a substance which can counteract a form of poisoning.
antidrone	AntiDrone is a perl bot for preventing virus drones from connecting to IRC servers. Currently it detects one variant of virus drone only, which is commonly known to connect to medium sized irc networks and join/part all channels repetedly.
antifact	Project dependency management and continuous integration with ant
antigame	Antigame - an irc game player script for xchat This script gives xchat user better chances to win a word playing games by providing answers and even automaticly answer the question.
antigen	Antigen (Ant Installer Generator) is a tool to take an Ant build script, combine it with a GUI and wrap it up as an executable jar file.  Its main use is for creating graphical, ant-based installers.
antigenx	Antigen - An integrated ant build file tool
antigrator	Project goal is to provide integration of ANT building tool with the modern development tools, particularily with Together Control Center. Project also includes development of ANT extensions.
antiimagespam	How to detect multimedia spam such as image spam? This project implemented some algorithms to detect and recognize the image spam based on Image Processing, Pattern Recognition incluing Edge-Detection,Region-Grow, ANN, SVM, LLE, ICA, PCA,etc.
antilibs	The ANTILibs are light-weight PHP classes meant to aid in the quick development and deployment of small to large web applications. Using a smart API, the ANTILibs make saving, updating and displaying data in your web application simple and efficient.
antilope	A method specification for creating and maintaining documentations in XML form and outputting in many formats, including but not restricted to: HTML, WordDoc, OpenOffice XML or PDF.
antim	This is an Open Source experimental OS with no kernel.
antimalware	???????????????,????????????~
antimatter	Antimatter is a portable 3D engine, written in Java, that only relies on the main Java API.
antimule	Unix (Linux and *BSD) donkey networks core client.
antinat	Antinat is a flexible SOCKS server and client library for writing proxy-based applications. It supports SOCKS 4, SOCKS 5, authentication, CHAP, XML firewalling, Win32, server chaining, and UDP.  It also contains very experimental IPv6 support.
antinode	A project started by a university student aiming to create a powerful yet simple to read chess implementation in C
antinstaller	Creates Installers using Ant by configuring an XML file (no java required): The installer collects user input, then run specific Ant targets from a build.xml file. Runs in a Swing GUI or on the command line.
antioch	The project aim is to develop an open API for providing server based, location enabled services. A typical use could be providing data to a handheld device of locations and details of nearby commercial sites of a particular type.
antiparser	antiparser is an API/framework for generating random, malformed data for use in fuzzing and fault injection of network protocols and file formats. antiparser is written in Python and can be imported by scripts that implement additional fuzzing logic.
antipathy	Antipathy is a complex RPG-style game, designed for unique play for each individual player. The staple concept is of a &#039;morphable&#039; character in a similarly dynamic world.
antiplag	Conception of an anti plagiarism software.
antiplate	This project contains an ant-script (see http://ant.apache.org/ for ant), that creates a common project-structure for Java-Projects. It creates directories, property-files and an buildscript with common settings and targets.
antipodal	A tabbed editor that uses the TSynEdit delphi component for syntax highlighting.
antiprism	Antiprism is a set of programs for generating, manipulating, transforming and visualising polyhedra.
antique-tsm	Graphic recognition software and website for antique trade and signature marks. Find out who made your prized possessions, and when.
antiquity	Antiquity is a wide-area storage system that provides a consistent, secure, and durable storage layer for a variety of applications such as file systems, databases, and back-up.
antispam-filter	Bayesian filter to get rid of spam mails, designed for use with Exim.
antispyd	Antispyd is an HTTP/HTTPS threats filtering proxy server written in pure C under Linux. The main goal of the project is to develop a free, secure, fast and extensible solution to fight against current Web threats, anonymize and control web traffic.
antisqlfilter	AntiSQLFilter is a J2EE Web Application Filter that protects web components from SQL Injection hacker attacks
antivirupdate	Annoyed with the interactive update mechanism of the free-av.de antivirus package i decided to create a batchfile to do this for me (to ease scheduling), with all the options included in the update program. This of course is a work in progress.
antivirus-ht	Source code of an antivirus programmed in Perl for the virus I-Worm Happy Time.
antivirus-nmda	This is an antivirus for the virus I-Worm.Nimda programmed in Perl
antivirustools	UNA Antivirus Toolkit - The Open UNA API for communications with antivirus daemon and many samples.
antix	Antix is a Java Servlet to control and monitor Ant tasks from a web browser. It can be used to rapidly deploy a human-friendly web service and bring the power of Jakarta ANT to non-developers.
antixtra	A powerful, full-featured antispyware program.
antland	Neural Network based Ant simulation in Borland C++ Builder. This project provides a framework for experimentation in machine learning.
antlets	Scripting for Ant projects
antlion	Antlion helps Apache Ant build files manage external libraries, and the paths and filesets that are associated with those libraries.  This also includes inter-project relationships for multi-build file projects.
antlr-testing	ANTLR Testing is a JUnit-extension for unit testing grammars produced by ANTLR.
antlr-yggdrasil	ANTLR Yggdrasil is a variant of the ANTLR toolkit providing a strongly-typed attribute algebra for constructing syntax trees and other data structures for program analysis
antlraux	antlraux is a java package thought to be used in combination with antlr(http://www.antlr.org). Features contextual information management, command line parsing and lexical information treatment.
antlreclipse	Provides an ANTLR plugin (including grammar file editor with outline page  and project nature with incremental builder) for the Eclipse platform
antmake	Ant-based tool to migrate Java source files to GNU Autotools standards, making them compatible with usual &quot;configure; make; make install&quot; build mechanism.
antme	AntME is a set of Ant utilities designed to help build J2ME applications.
antmeat	AntMeat is an Ant task for submitting releases to freshmeat.net.
antmod	Antmod is a modular Ant-based build system, using release descriptors, and basing development and releases on those. It standardizes build files for Java projects, tagging and branching for both CVS and Subversion.
antmode	Major mode for working with Ant buildfiles in Emacs.
antnagios	The Ant-Nagios project consists of tasks that allow build processes to communicate to nagios. The first task is a downtime scheduling task allowing builds to notify nagios of downtime for a server/service.
antnest	Useful ant build templates and tasks.
antnet	Distributed environment for agent-based evolutionary computation.
antoinegg7	This is my first project on sourceforge. I want to have a real Java environment at home, so I use this project.
anton	Anton - a simple ncurses Langton&#039;s ant simulator.
antonomasya	CRM,Requirements Management and Projects Management software customizable for many business life cycles in a collaborative way, with integration with standard and the facto commercial products using different modules for each one.
antpp	Ant tasks for preprocessing Java sources using cpp (C preprocessor).
antprettybuild	Ant Pretty Build is a tool to easily show and run Ant buildfiles in a browser window. It displays from xml file the project name, description, properties, taskdefs, targets, etc. allowing to modify/add properties, logger/logfile, run targets and more...
antprof	AntProf is Ant tasks for profiling Java programs. The Java VM includes various built-in options for gathering profile data such as -prof, -Xrunhprof, -Xprof. AntProf understands these options and packages everything up into convenient Ant tasks.
antprofiler	antprofiler - records and reports the amount of time spent in each ant task run during a build so that you can make informed decisions when optimising build times.
antproject	Ant is a universal protocol, like a modern day morse code. A basic protocol for machine signalling and networking. Ant is simple, efficient and flexible. It was designed to preserve privacy and be human readable. Hint: OS-free computing.
antqueen	AntQueen is a project to both define and use XPath expressions within Ant. 1.4.1b1
antrunner	AntRunner is an OpenTool for JBuilder 4 to 9 , JBuilderX and JBuilder 2005 to use Ant within the IDE.
antrunner4e	Antrunner4e is an eclipse-plugin that inserts a contextmenue item to start a antfile with the current file or directoryname as input.This provides an easy way to execute actions like compiling the current file, transfer by ftp, execute sql and so on.
antscout	THE PROJECT IS RETIRED
antscript	AntScript is a scripting API for DarkBasic that allows you to easily open files that are in a human-readable format. This speeds up development because you do not have to write editors.
antsgame	Ants is a simulation game of an ant hive.
antsnest	A Java-based GUI for the quick and simple drag &#039;n&#039; drop creation of Apache Ant build files, complete with its own runner. Other features include custom-task integration and an Ant Meta-Model; all built around plugins. NO XML EDITING REQUIRED!
antsp2p	ANts P2P realizes a third generation P2P net. It protects your privacy while you are connected and makes you not trackable, hiding your identity (ip) and crypting everything you are sending/receiving from others. Supports swarming multi-sources downloads
antspaces	AntSpaces provides the capability to run Ant against JavaSpaces. This allows you to coordinate Ant tasks via JavaSpaces, execute methods on serialized objects, pull out work units from a JavaSpace for distributed Ant tasks to work on, and so forth
antspp	ANTS++ is a port of the Java based anonymous P2P (ANTS) to C++
antsvn	A ask to synchronize with subversion servers.
antsvntask	Ant Subversion Task is just that, a subversion task for use in the ant build tool.
anttargetviewer	A utility to easily read an ant build file and view the targets and their dependancies.
anttestsetgen	An Ant task for generating property files with testsets based on the results of SQL queries and validation plug-ins. Very usefull when building unit tests that make use of changing datasets.
antthebuilder	Ant the Builder is a 3D building game in which the user controls an ant.  The ant has to build stable structures out of the blocks available in each level.
anttostaf	Ability to call STAF (Software Test Automation Framework) commands natively (ant Task)from ANT.
anttweakbar	AntTweakBar is a small and easy to use C/C++ library that allows programmers to quickly add a light and intuitive GUI into OpenGL or DirectX based graphic programs to interactively tweak them. Works with Linux and Windows (and with GLFW, SDL, GLUT, DX...
antunion	A collaborative project/process management product based around the idea of people being lead by each other rather than a nominated set of managers. A relative feedback system allows users to gauge how well they work other team members.
antunit	JWare/AntUnit is a development toolkit for third-party Ant developers, particularly in-house build engineers. AntUnit provides a powerful extension library to the existing Ant software and a full JUnit-style testing environment for your Ant components.
anturio	A tool environment logging application for being deployed on data centers an related facilities. It should sense humidity, temperature, voltage and other environmental \nconditions that could affect delicate equipments
antversiontool	Version_Tool is an Ant Task which allows you to increment the version number and or the build number of your Java application during the build process.
antware	Anthill is a framework to support the design, implementation and evaluation of P2P applications based on ideas such as multi-agent and evolutionary programming borrowed from the complex adaptive systems area.
antworks	Tasks, Antlibs and extensions to Apache Ant.
antxtras	JWare/AntXtras is a powerful set of extension Ant libraries as well as a collection of useful Ant components organized into various sub-projects. The current active AntXtras projects include &quot;AntX&quot;, &quot;SAMS&quot;, &quot;7zip4Ant&quot; and &q
antz	Ant version Z incorporates Ant drivers into the AntZ XML build language for build.xml.  AntZ is a proposal for a future generation of Ant.
antzhill	A PHP/MySQL web-based Content Management System supporting workflows, version management amongst other functionalities.
antzwarz	Online game for developers. Program your team of 4 ants (in LISP) that can reproduce and gain experience and fight against another players in different game modes(CTF, TDM, DM)!
anubi	Anubi was a programmable textmode IRC Bot. This project is dead. Source code is very bad and there are very better irc bots; use eggdrop instead.
anubis-tools	The anubis project is a free bandwidth management and IP address restriction system for Internet Service Providers.  Protect infrastructure equipment access, control client upload and download bandwidth, lock down IP addresses that are not in use, and ut
anubisaffiliate	Anubis is a backend system written in PHP for an affiliate and linkexchange system. The project will include all files required to help a site admin run their own website advertising system.
anubisnet	Anubisnet - support for Slackware and software development in QT and TCL, applications for Windows and Linux, home of  dbf - dBASE Reader and Converter. Visit http://www.anubisnet.de to get more info.
anuga	ANUGA is a software implementation of a hydrodynamic model which is specifically designed to model wetting and drying processes. ANUGA is a joint development project between Geoscience Australia (GA) and the Australian National University (ANU).
anumeya	A software using Apache Struts, Scalabale Vector Graphics(SVG) and XSLT-FO to generate Graphs and Reports on the fly. The data source to use for generating graphs could be Database or XML. The Reports/graphs will be in PDF, XML, EXCEL,RTF or HTML formats
anusaaraka	&quot;Anusaaraka&quot; ENGLISH TO HINDI MACHINE TRANSLATION SYSTEM
anusmodrack	ANother mUSic MODule tRACKer
anvil	ANVIL - (A)(N)other (V)erilog (I)nteraction (L)evel.\nC++ and VPI/C code to easily instrument RTL/Verilog (dut) and C++ testbench (tb)\nfor more powerful and efficient verification (i.e., C++/tb drives simulator).
anvil-sms	Content Management System based around SMS Technology.
anvilvm	The AnvilVM project will be an implementation of a prototype-based programming language and library, based on concepts derived from Self, Smalltalk and MOO.
anwar	Linux Mandrake is the BEST!
anwiki	AnWiki is an innovant wiki / CMS written in PHP5 :\n- multilingual XHTML/XML/PHP content edition\n- multilingual content synchronisation, RSS\n- on-the-fly AJAX translation tool : translate content without altering it&#039;s structure\n- extensible drivers
any	ANY is a cross platform programming framework, aimed at keeping software from being hardware, processor, operating system or even language dependent by providing an intermediary language that may be compiled and run on any system supported, by anybody.
any-to-any	any-to-any document translation system
any2dvd	A script to transform PC multimedia file(s) in any format, into a DVD complete with menus &amp; suitable for playback on a standalone DVD player.
any2rss	any2rss is set of tools that allow you convert just about everything to rss, currently it include a configurable web page parser that parse web pages into rss file. Other possibilities includes Email, News, Log files ....  etc
any2xml	Any2XML allows the controlled conversion from any textfile to an XML file. In the editor (GUI), rules are added to define which parts of the textfile are processed and where they are put in the resulting XML file.
any2yuv	Command line tool for image conversion into YUV color space. Currently support BMP, JPEG, PNG, PCX, TGA and GIF as input images (uses Corona library). Tool can work in &quot;multiple input files&quot; mode and produce on output all-in-one file or separat
anybed	AnyBed: a testbed-independent topology configuration tool
anyboot	Multi-Node booting management software
anyc	A C compiler that easily ports to any microprocessor.  The compiler has the goals, in order of importance, of portability (in both source code and cpu target), small code size, simplicity, and execution speed.  It is quite useful for microcontrollers.
anycastwsn	Anycast routing algorithms/protocols suite for Wireless Sensor Networks.
anyedit	AnyEdit is a highly customizable Development Environment for multiple programming languages. It supports a syntax highlighting, tools, powerful search options and much more.
anyfilebrowser	AnyfileBrowser - How about browsing those compressed files? I won&#039;t give any disk space for uncompressing them.
anyfs	File system distribuido baseado em banco de dados
anyfs-tools	anyfs-tools is unix-way toolset for recovering and converting filesystems for Linux OS.
anyinventory	anyInventory is a customizable inventory system that can be tailored by the user to track any type of product.  Features include user-defined fields and categories, advanced search, and file uploads; demo version at http://anyinventory.sourceforge.net/
anyjournal	AnyJournal is a software which helps in maintanence of online journals.
anylingo	Starting a new programming language compiler that relies on a world wide language not just French or English , so any one even an illiterate would take the chance to program the computer .
anymark	Is a program for the maintenance labs management that provide to planning activity insite, outsite and assets management.
anymeal	Linux recipe database software developed using MySQL and XML to maintain a cookbook. It can handle more than 100,000 recipes for cooking and allows to search, display and edit recipes. It is designed to be lean and flexible. Make the most of your food!
anyplot	Anyplot -- a very matlab-like plotting wrapper for python that supports multiple backends (currently matlab, matplotlib and to a lesser extent xplt and grace).
anyremote	The overall goal of this project is to provide wireless Bluetooth or InfraRed remote control service for KDE. In contrast with other Bluetooth remote control programs kAnyRemote is not limited to SonyEriccson or JSR-82 capable phones.
anyservice	free apptoservice
anyspell	AnySpell adds spell checking capabilities to any application in Windows that uses edit boxes - in any language supported by OpenOffice dictionaries.\nIt can also be used by developers as a library to add spell checking capabilities to their applications.
anytags	An indexed search facility for text, mail and source code (similar to ctags, but for generic content). A lot faster than grep, as a pre-generated index is used.
anything	Anything is a replacement for the Windows &quot;Run&quot; box. It features real-time searches, straight-forward configuration and an uncluttered interface.
anythinganon	AnythingAnon is a way to organize an online support/accountability group for any kind of addiction -- drinking, gambling, porn, and so on. Each day a &quot;how are you doing&quot; message is generated to each member of the group.
anytoany	anytoany is a program for file conversion. It converts from any file format into any other file format. For ease of extensibility each file format has its own plugin.
anytype	The AnyType Framework implements generic Value class to store heterogeneous basic data types (integers, floats, strings) in a compact form. It distinguishes itself from other approaches by providing built-in data validation mechanisms.
anywhereanyway	AnywhereAnyway makes it possible to view and fully-interact with one computer from any other computer or mobile device anywhere on the Internet. It is cross-platform, allowing remote control between different types of computers running different OSes.
anywherefm	AnywhereFM allows you to stream Last.fm radio stations to your podcast player or any music player that supports Shoutcast streams.
anywikidraw	AnyWikiDraw is a graphical editor for rapid editing of drawings and diagrams on Wiki pages. AnyWikiDraw can be integrated into any Wiki platform that supports embedded images and editors.
anyxml	AnyXML is an XML read-only class which offers PHP5 SimpleXML&#039;s capabilities on ANY host, even if PHP4 and/or without the expat extension; AnyXML will always choose the best available library to offer its functionality. Your solution to PHP+XML messe
ao-pybot	AO-PyBot is an Ingame Bot for the popular MMORPG Anarchy Online. It uses a Python-Port of the php-AOChat lib from http://auno.org found at http://kiwu.org/ and provides Jabber connectivity.
ao-ready	AoReady is an Argentum Online Mod. With this tool you can create your servers in a few minutes.\nIt includes all ArgentumOnline features and more!
ao4b	Easy programming for several platforms using C/C++.
aoapm	GNU General Public License (GPL)
aoblogger	aoblogger is a fast, efficient, clean, secure, and user-friendly blogging system with an affiliate link system.
aoc	The Administration Operation Center is a LDAP/MySQL based network management solution. It features usermanagement, dhcp/dns configuration and software deployment for heterogeneous networks. Its also a network portal with wiki, blog, todo-list and forums.
aocclusion	Ambient Occlusion research project on graphics hardware Uses Cg/OpenGL. Presents a new image space algorithm that allows for local ambient occlusion effects; and a sphere based approximation with ambient occlusion using a sprite based approach.
aocell	CellAo is an opensourced Csharp (C#) emulator for Anarchy Online, its based on CellFramework.  We will be useing a Mysql , MSSQL, and XML based database system (Maybe not the XML soo much).
aocp	The AO Chat Projects goal is to create an efficient and robust library for the chat protocol used in Funcoms Anarchy Online MMORPG.  This includes the lowest level of C libraries, to GUI/TUI chat clients, to database integrated bot daemons with various p
aocpp	A c++ port of Argentum Online, a FREE 2D MMORPG( project morgoao ).
aodbb	AODbb is a premoddified version of the popular phpBB forum system. It is chunkfull of features right off the bat making it easy for new and old users of phpBB to find their way around.
aodl	AODL,a C# .net library,framework for generating documents in the OASIS OpenDocument Format without any knowledge about the ODF XML schema. ODF is used by many office suites. AODC, an OpenDocument Converter &amp; Embed OpenOffice as .net Control &amp; VS 
aodude	AOdude - The first Anarchy Online tool to display not only server statistics but character and organisation statistics too.
aodvimpl	Open development of AODV implmentations.
aoemudataloggin	AoEmu Datalogging provides the raw data Databases / Scripts / and other Documentation  for Emulating Anarchy Online or makeing bots and such.
aoemulator	This project is a basic Anarchy Online server system. 100% GPL it is intended to allow other authors to create or contribute to a functional server.
aoeui	Lightweight and unobtrusive visual text editor optimized for Dvorak keyboard users.
aof	AOF is real time, role-playing game for Nokia 6610 (J2ME), should work with other devices as well.
aofa	This project is a game of tanks, where two, or more tanks try to kill each other on a 2D grid.
aogms	The goal Anarchy Online Guild Management System is to build a guild management system consisting of a guild-bot, a raid-bot and a web-site, closely tied together to provide the perfect solution for guild management.
aogtk	AoGTK is a MMORPG client/server game toolkit. Our toolkit provides you with a multi-platform client and game server. Scripting language and custom compile application allow for quick customization of the game core.
aoh	Arena of Honor is a 3D opensource multiplayer egoshooter game using irrlicht for graphics and newton for physics.
aoi	Art of Illusion is a full featured 3D modelling, rendering, and animation studio.  It is written entirely in Java, and can run on almost any operating system.
aoia	Anarchy Online Item Assistant (AOIA) is an application you keep running alongside Anarchy Online when you play. It will keep track of all your items for all your toons in a local database, and lets your browse and search for items easily.
aoicms	Developmental perl content management system, focused on easily updating website content, navigation and changing website look/theme easily. Using theme HTML files with minimal new code for the webmaster to learn.
aoiis	Scripts and bootable Linux flloppy and eltorito images for creating fast install/restore cds of Windows OSes.  Old versions of these scripts could wipe the hdd and install a 1.2gig image onto a P166 in 16mins.  Reboot and setup hardware.
aoinvsys	This program is designed to work with the MMORPG Anarchy Online (AO).  It runs alongside AO, reading in backpack information at the same time the user manipulates their inventory, and creates summary text and HTML files with the results.
aoip	This project aims to build a software reference implementation of the coming EBU standard for the transmission of high quality, low latency, audio streams over IP networks.
aoisp	The Art of Illusion Scripts and Plugins project purpose is to gather and ease the access to scripts and plugins for Art of Illusion project as well as providing plugins sources and documentation.
aoj	Very small framework that aims to enhance the modularity of the design by introducing aspect-oriented techniques in a pure Java environment. No configuration file nor extra build step is necessary.
aokts	AOK Trigger Studio is a supplementary scenario editor for Age of Empires II. The bugtracker can be found at: http://www.digitization.org/bugs/
aolserver	AOLserver is a multithreaded, Tcl-enabled, massively-scalable and extensible web server tuned for large scale, dynamic web sites. AOLserver also includes complete database integration and a dynamic page scripting language.
aom-xmlobject	Adaptive Object Model Framework: define your object model in XML, create easy pluggable components, easily adapt to changing requirements, make programming fun again.
aomaprenderer	Tu renderizador de mapas de Argentum-Online esta aqui!
aonx	AONX is an alternative implementation of the Argentum Online MMORPG, wich has the classic features of a virtual world: guilds system, magic system, combat system, 21 skills, a world of more than 150 maps, towns, dungeons, races, professions
aoo	This is the Arabization project for OpenOffice. This project should provide the Arabic end user with at least, the same Arabic support that he founds when using Microsoft Office. The target OS will be Linux, but more platforms will be on consideration la
aop-attr-cache	Java/J2EE framework that performs caching on returned values of marked methods of a classes.  The framework used Spring IoC, Spring AOP, Jakarta Commons Attributes and OSCache.
aopalliance	We believe that Aspect-Oriented Programming (AOP) offers a better solution to many problems than do existing technologies such as EJB. The AOP Alliance aims to ensure interoperability between Java/J2EE AOP implementations to build a larger AOP community.
aopclsuite	A suite of Java ClassLoaders that use &quot;load-time reflection&quot; (the modification of bytecodes upon class loading) to extend existing Java classes. It uses the excellent BCEL library (http://bcel.sf.net).
aophp	aoPHP is an extension to PHP that enables PHP programmers to use Aspect-Oriented Programming Techniques in their code through the use of an Apache Module.
aopi	AOPI (AOP Interfaces) provides a set of standardized interfaces to build reusable components for aspect-oriented systems.
aoplus	Alumni Online Plus is a PHP/MySQL online community for networking among prospective, current, and former members of any institutionalized program (e.g. academic degrees.)  It builds on its namesake, Alumni Online (http://alumni-online.sourceforge.net..)
aopnet	AOP.NET is another approach of Aspect Oriented Programming (AOP) framework for .NET. It differs from others in that it manipulates directly assembly&#039;s structure to achieve weaving. It is designed to be easy and extensible as well as reliable.
aopython	AOPython is a modular extension to Python to aid aspect-oriented programming. It allows to manipulate Python classes and functions in order to integrate cross-cutting concerns such as context-sensitive behaviour, better modularization and much more.
aora	AORA stands for Another Object Representation Approach. AORA is python framework for efficient distributed object storage and management.
aorlovcrm	Cool chat application
aorta	Aorta (the Aleph One Replacement Texture Accessory) is a tool for creating high quality RGB and S3TC / DXTC (using the external squish library) DDS textures.
aortas	Generic clustering/load-balancing platform (over a LAN or internet) using java based P2P Aorta workers that execute java &quot;tasklets&quot;. Various tasklets can be implemented to solve fractals, process images, render webpages, crack RSA &quot;brute f
aortos	AO-RTOS is a pure object-oriented small footprint real-time operating system for\nembedded devices. The project is using Active Object (AO) and hierarchical state machine (HSM) design templates as implementation base.
aos	arabOs is an operating system kernel for educational purposes, it is written in C++ and using Object Oriented paradigms, with supports of Arabic language in the console at the kernel level
aoserverbyshura	Argentum Online is an Open Source FREE 2D MMORPG, it has all the features of the classic MMORPGS: guilds system, magic system, combat system, animal taming, 21 skills, a world of more than 150 maps, towns, dungeons, races, professions.
aosim	A simple server simulator for the MMORPG, Anarchy Online.
aotak	Age of the Animal Kingdom: A Time of Heroes... a Time of Kings.
aotm	Analyses audio content of songs and downloads information from the web to build a comprehensive descriptive library you can use to generate playlists based on the song mood, theme genre, or virtually any property of the song.
aotools	Various Anarchy Online related utilities, including resource database tools.
aotp	A tools platform for the game Anarchy Online. AOTP allows faster development of tools. It also offers features such as a remote interface and an easy to use module system.
aousis	The AOUSIS is a web-based open source Student Information System. It has many features that include personal details, enrolment, results, graduations, timetables, report cards, eligibility, transcripts, and more.
aowapi	The aim of this project is to provide a tool, which consist of a collection of libraries in php/ajax; for building *real* object sites into a oriented object programming langage.
aowar	Age of War is an open source game open for people to download and host on their own web site. It is based on other text based stratagy games such as Medieval Battles.
aowcge	The Age of Wonders Campaign and Graphics Editor (AoWCGE) is a utility to modify and/or create campaigns and in-game graphics for the fantasy strategy game &quot;Age of Wonders&quot; by Triumph Studios.
ap-authcookie	Perl HTTP Authentication and Authorization via cookies
ap-python	AlsaPlayer-Python is a set of python bindings. It allows you to write custom interfaces for AlsaPlayer using the full power of the Python language. Also provided is a Python module to control AlsaPlayer from external programs.
ap-utils	Access Point Utilites for Unix - it&#039;s a set of utilites to configure and monitor Wireless Access Points under Unix using SNMP protocol. Utilites knownly compiles and run under Linux, FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD, MacOS-X, AIX, QNX.
ap2	ap2 will to be used as a light proxy server for a stripped down Debian mirror. It will use different backends to fetch files and will prevent the Debian archive&#039;s directory structure for later reuse. So if you install 5 clients through it, you&#039;
ap2p	A fast and very comfortable peer 2 peer net designated for downloading anime videos, enhancing a powerful anime database on server,  multi-source downloads, crc checking, chat and many features to maximize speed, repair broken and unknown files and incre
ap3	A PHP Programming Project provides a place for concepts to be developed to the point where there is useable PHP code that can be use as a basis for further development. Projects methodologies are focused on OOP and Test Driven Development.
apa	An advanced photo album made in php. It contains several permission settings, smart thumbnail generation and like. The thing to note here is the advanced administration of each album / picture, where you can set what categories / users can see what.
apac-accounting	Accounting Including: Point-of-sale, Invoicing, Job Costing, Production, Orders, Quotations, Inventory (Stock), Accounts Receivable (Debtors), Accounts Payable (Creditors), General Ledger, Management Reports, Reconciliations
apache-analyzer	Apache Analyzer is a Java application package for parsing and analysis of Apache logs. Reports are prepared as PDF files. OCEAN GenRap is used to analyze the data. Check out General Info in Docs page.
apache-asp-jp	This is the project which translates the manual documents in the site of Apche::ASP(http://www.apache-asp.org) into Japanese. In addition to it, the practical application --ex BBS,Electoric Medical Record,build-up in Japanese is planned.
apache-dispatch	Apache::Dispatch - dispatcher for mod_perl handlers
apache-htaccess	Apache::Htaccess is a perl module for dealing with Apache .htaccess files.
apache-par	Apache::PAR is a Perl module for mod_perl to provide the ability to serve static content, Perl Registry scripts, PerlRun scripts, and mod_perl modules from a single Perl ARchive (PAR) file.  This archive can then be moved to other locations on the same s
apache-tcl	A Tcl module for Apache. Develop dynamic Tcl web pages in this customizable scripting environment.
apache-tools	Apache httpd tools is a collection of administration and security scripts originally developed for the book Apache Security (O&#039;Reilly). Included are tools for Apache httpd monitoring, statistics, log analysis, DoS detection and defense.
apache-traffic	Apache Traffic is a set of scripts for very detail analyses all traffic generated by apache. Traffic is divided by virtual hosts. You can sort it by &#039;in&#039;, &#039;out&#039;, &#039;count&#039; and &#039;exec time&#039;.
apache-tt2	Apache::TT2 is a Template Toolkit-based content handler for Apache, written in Perl. It is designed to be fast, robust, complete, and scalable.
apache-umeter	Provides a graphical progress meter for file uploads using the Apache webserver and mod_perl.
apache-x64	x64 Apache projects
apache2-mode	Major mode for XEmacs to aid in editing Apache 2.0 and 2.2 configuration files.  Provides automatic keyword discovery from the Apache documentation site, syntax highlighting, documentation help, &amp;c.
apache2hp	Apache2HP is a web based perl and php control panel similar to Cpanel and CPPlus in terms that it provides administration of a apache server for hosting purposes , hence it&#039;s name Apache 2 Hosting Panel
apache2owa	Allows Apache2 to call Oracle Functions Directly.
apachebenchmark	The AWS Benchmark will enumerate security configuration settings and actions that &quot;harden&quot; your webserver. This benchmark will include both Levels 1-Minumin Due Care &amp; 2-Advanced security settings.
apachebrowsezip	An apache/mod_perl module for serving content from .zip files.
apachebuilder	ApacheBuilder builds Apache (with optional modules of Mod_SSL and Mod_Perl) from sources, prompting for config params of location, etc.  When done, it starts Apache and verifies it all works ok.
apachecommander	Apache Commander is a small Php application for managing Virtual Hosts. It stores Virtual Host information in XML format and allow users to download XML file for managing. When its run for first time it parses httpd.conf file for existing Virtual Hosts a
apacheconfig	Tools to configure and manage Apache servers in PHP and Python
apachecontrol	Apache server and peripheral distribution control software for Windows operating systems using Internet Explorer, VBscript and batch files. Specifically distributions released by Ghostnetworks.
apachedblogs	A concept of storing textual logs in a database instead of files for simplified management.
apachedirlister	Change the default look of apache\\&#039;s file browser, used when no index file is found.
apacheerror	ByRei - Apache Error\n\n- Logged all Apache Error into MySQL Database\n- Simple Template System for the Apache Error Pages\n- Web Front End for analyse Apache Errors order by Errors Numbers e.g: 404\n- Can show possibility System Security Attacks
apachefs	afs apache file system is an apache daemon designed to allow the sharing of arbitrary files matching specific traits (such as filetype) via http connection. A MySQL database will keep track of said indexing.
apachegrep	This is a self-contained perl program that can parse out common web log files (it understands and can search over the various fields) to help webmasters (or anyone, really) go through their logs and try to pullout various bits of information.
apachemp3	In combination with the Apache web server and mod_perl, Apache::MP3 lets you create a virtual jukebox of your MP3, WAV and Ogg Vorbis music files, browse them over the web, create playlists, and stream them.
apachessl	ApacheSSL is a project that was created for a personal purpose to implementate the SSL support to the server of the web (Apache2) to assure higher security in the transfer of data between a client (browser) and a server (web server) on a win32 platform.
apachestats	This application package acts as an add-on to the mod_log_sql apache/apache2 module.  There is a command-line element, which aggregates visitor data, and an awstats-like frontend for the user to view an up to the minute history of user activity.
apachetomcat-fl	apachetomcat is a complete Slackware web server package made up of a popular Apache web server, a Tomcat servlet container, and a mod_jk2  connector which makes the two work seamlessly together. All are preconfigured and ready for use out of the box!
apachetoolbox	Apache Toolbox provides a means to easily compile Apache with over 63 3rd parts modules and options.
apad	The Apad text editor is a light-weight developers editor. It provides syntax highlighting for most source files, it can open most image formats, and it is able to display web files. It requires little to no configuration before you start using it.
apams	Apams stands for Another PHP Advertising Management System. Using PHP and MySQL, Apams allow site owners to display advertising banners on their website.
apan	Apan, Advanced Performance Addon for Nagios, is a tool that is used to store performance-related data from service-checks done by Nagios (www.nagios.org).
apanel	Kernel device driver to support the Application Panel found on Fujitsu Lifebook notebook computers, written in C, initially for FreeBSD and Linux
apangen	APANgen is a script to help add APAN-enabled services quickly to an existing Nagios installation. Currently APANgen can add ping, nt-disk, and unix disk checks.
apanto	Apanto is a book forum. Students may ask questions concerning any passage in a book stored in the system, tutors may answer them. Questions and answers are stored for each book, indexed by page, so no question has to be answered more than once.
apapi	aPapi is A Paypal API, written in PHP, for retrieving your current balance and recent transactions from Paypal.
aparat	HUT Voice Source Analysis and Parametrisation Toolkit (Aparat) is a flexible software package and a graphical user interface for glottal inverse filtering and parametrisation of the voice source.
apashtm	Convert a pascal (.pas) source to a colored Html page. Version 1.3 made with Free Pascal / Lazarus source code (see screenshots).
apatar	Apatar is an open source Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) project. Modular architecture delivers 1. Visual job designer/mapping 2. Connectivity to all major data sources 3. Flexible Deployment Options (GUI, or server engine with JVM, or embedded).
apathetic	An IRC bot made in PHP, it shall be a tool for various tasks.
apathy	A voting system for competitions at demoparties.
apauth	A VB.NET based program that help you create and edit your .htaccess and .htpasswd for use with the Apache Web Server.
apb	Active PHP Bookmarks (APB) is a web-based (PHP/MySQL) program that allows you to store your bookmarks and display them in many useful ways. APB will sort your bookmarks with usability in mind, keeping often-used bookmarks at your fingertips.
apbd	Generate your package build description is a few quick steps.
apbn	Active PHP Bookmark Notes is an extension of the popular PHP/MySQL based Active PHP Bookmarks (APB) project -also on SourceForge- to include large text field areas for quotes and notes.  The extention makes it suitable for organised web-based research.
apboard	The APBoard is an discussionboard-system in ubb-style. it is recommended for private use, but could also be used for hosting of big communities. it has features like categories, private messaging, user defined styles, calendar, emailnotification a.s.o.
apboot	apboot is a way for standard 802.11 access points to discover and bootstrap with a wireless LAN switch.
apbs	APBS is a software package for the numerical solution of the Poisson-Boltzmann equation, a popular continuum model for describing electrostatic interactions between molecular solutes over a wide range of length scales. &lt;http://apbs.sf.net/&gt;.
apbyas	Italian web based process reengineering support. Each employ survey his own real job and register activities and times spold in weekly and annual basis. Results are summarized per unit and whole organization, with totals and averages.
apc	The New Zealand Advanced Property Companion is designed to help Kiwi property investors manage their property portfolio and provides easy access to commonly used calculations.
apc-aa	ActionApps (under the GPL) provide easy automated publishing for non-profit WWW sites and `Usenet-like` sharing of articles between sites. This software is being actively developed and is fairly stable since 1.1.0.
apc-gs68	Process control is of continously increasing importance in many industries. apc-gs68 is intended to provide a framework to test, compare and develop related algorithms easily.
apcfmsv1	An advanced patient management system for the pocketpc
apcisr	APCISR is a GPL&#039;d set of representational semantics and assoicated algorithms implemented using GCC for compositional syllabic Indian scripts along with the corresponding set of graphemes for use with fixed width console (text-mode) applications.
apclab	Linux Kernel Modul for the CompuLAB usb from Ak-Modul-Bus
apcms	A fully ASP highly customizable CMS that runs on access database. The primary OS will be Windows Server 2003. You can add customized modules and comes preinstalled with forums, a chat room and mms streaming features. There will be a demo version availabl
apcompiler	Compiler for message-passing network protocols, currently based on UDP.  APC is written in Python and produces C code.  It includes a C run-time library.
apcon	The idea of Apcon is based on IBM&#039;s Access Connections tool for the Thinkpads. Apcon is a systemtray application for KDE, that makes it very easy for users to specify and manage different network/connection profiles and connect/disconnect to/from th
apcre	Apcre - A Plasma C++ Reverse Engineering\nOur project goal is to create an API for the propriety Plasma Engine used by Cyan Worlds in the games Uru Live and Myst V that is free for all and accurate.
apcstudio	aPcStudio is a GNU/GPL wavefile editor and a digital sound studio. It&#039;s main programming is done by Martin Henne. aPcStudio runs under Linux. A Windows9x/NT/2k/XP Version is in progress. The windows port is done by Olivier Meunier.
apctl	Guile bindings for libalsaplayer, and a command line alsaplayer controller based on these bindings.
apcupsd	Apcupsd is a program for monitoring UPSes and performing a graceful computer shutdown in the event of a power failure. It runs on Linux, Tru64, Mac OS/X, Win32, Solaris as well as other OSes.
apcupsdjcfg	apcupsdJcfg is written as a front-end companion to the program apcupsd. It is a gui front-end used to easily create the apcupsd.conf config file so the users do not have to manually edit the file with a text editor.
apdata	The Academic Publication Database ( APData ) is a web based aplication written in php to let researchers publicate their bibliography in the internet.
apdb	A self-contained database application development environment. The application is defined within the database and operates upon the same database. It generates a web-based interface for users to manipulate the data, and a gnome# development tool.
apdevteam	The Applications Development Team is a project created to bring groups of people new to the software design process together.  Emphasis is learning to work with a team to produce an OSS product from requirements through Gold.
ape	Graphical User Interface and Running Environment for the PearPC project&#039;s PowerPC G4 cpu machine emulator.
ape-syntax	APe is a new computer language syntax suitable for use as a compiled language or a scripting language, designed to be easy to learn, promote good software development habits, high productivity, readability, language uniformity and predictability.
ape2mp3	converts ape-image to mp3-tracks
apecueknife	Slice packaged APE file to separate ones according to CUE file, and cut them down to other formats, including MP3, WMA, APE and WAV. Information in CUE file is written to MP3 and WMA files&#039;s tag.
aped	The system is designed for the automated analysis of hight throughput sequencing data. At present Aped is focused on the analysis of DNA sequences derived from Sanger-dideoxy termination reactions. Specifically EST &amp; SAGE analysis and taxonomic profi
apeditor	A PE (Windows 32 Portable Executable) file editor.
apedotnet	A C# .NET wrapper for the Monkey&#039;s Audio APE Format SDK. APE is a lossless audio compression format. This C# wrapper uses ComInterop to wrap the APE SDK for use in .NET based applications.
apeirokalia	The project already exists and it is now working and being gradually implemented. Here is its address: http://www.saber-digital.net ou http://www.biblioteca.pro.br\n\nCheck it out!
apejet-blog	This is a stable, PHP based blogging tool.  Data is in files instead of in a database to simplify installation.  Known to run on Linux, and should run on Windows.  Includes all standard blogging features including: rss, categories, search, and comments
apelib	A library for particle system effects using Ada and OpenGL.  Developed in windows but should run on other OS&#039;s as well.
apelon-dts	A vocabulary server software suite for the management, integration, and deployment of terminology. DTS is used by healthcare applications such as clinical data repositories, EMR systems, decision support, guideline authoring, and interface engines.
apengine	A flexible portal engine inspired by the other *nuke systems, yet designed to be more flexible designers and more open ended to developers.
apenmoolgen	The Apenmool Framework is a generative programming system to faciliate rapid application development. The specifications of a project are stored in XML and Java files. A code generator is then used to build the application in a variety of configurations.
aperf	a performance measurement framework and sample tools
apero	This program is intended to post and view messages on the tribune_libre of http://linuxfr.org/
apertium	Apertium is a toolbox to build open-source shallow-transfer machine translation systems, especially suitable for related language pairs: it includes the engine, maintenance tools, and open linguistic data for several language pairs.
apertogenerator	A tool to support MDA / MDSD. It generates source code or other files based on an arbitrary XML model and some templates, which are written in a simple XML dialect (similar to XSLT). Editing in generated files and regeneration is possible.
aperture	Aperture is a Java framework for extracting and querying full-text content and metadata from various information systems (file systems, web sites, mail boxes, ...) and the file formats (documents, images, ...) occurring in these systems.
apes	A Prolog expert system supporting querying and extending the knowledge base from a command-line interface using a format oriented on natural language, with the aim of being maintainable by the domain expert (i.e. without requiring programming skills).
apetestbed	APE is a testbed for evaluation of mobile ad hoc network routing protocols. It consists of a stripped down Red Hat Linux distribution, pre-configured for easy setup, and a set of analysis tools used to evaluate data from tests.
apex	The APEX server is a portable address and port exchange service. Its purpose is to allow other (peer-to-peer) applications to exchange their current IP and port, status and application information.
apex-autonomy	Apex is a software architecture and development toolkit for creating intelligent, autonomous agents. Applications for such agents range from control of robots to mission planning, usability analysis, and simulation-based training of human operators.
apex-esa	APEX Tools is a collection of utilities used in conjunction with the processing of airborne hyperspectral data developed for the ESA-Prodex supported Airborne Prism EXperiment (APEX).
apexdc	ApexDC++ is an innovative Direct Connect client based on StrongDC++ 2. It has numerous features such as a plugin to block IP addresses (uses PeerGuardian blocklist), super seeding, customisation, themes, and a nice Vista-type general user interface.
apexdcspeedmod	Modification of ApexDC++ (client for p2p network). Added new options to &quot;Favorite Users&quot; page: limit upload speed for user, ignore private messages from user, ban user, etc. In future versions: priority for shared files, more info about file in
apexedu	Apex is a platform of public education material exchange developed on top of Zope.  It will support SCORM import/export, LOM metadata, and distributed servers with a uniform namespace for material and people.
apexlib	Framework to enhance Oracle APEX (Oracle Application Express) on the client (browser) and server (database).
apexweb	apex is a simple, yet powerful, perl-based web server that runs on both unix and windows.
apf	The Amazon Products Feed script was created to provide a current listing of products on your site using Amazon&#039;s XML Web Services to provide links for your visitors to purchase these items on Amazon.com using your affiliate code in the URL.
apfp	Unicon(&amp; Ruby) classes for arbitrary precision floating point and arbitrary precision comlex numbers. Keeps track of accumulated error. Uses overloaded operators. Also some testing programs. Used with a unicon version of sode (usode).Ruby versions ne
apfrq	...with which it is possible to load a file or post text from the clipboard and view it rapidly, in a manner that minimizes eye movement by placing in the center of a box individual words, whose behavior can be modified by several controls.
apfs	APFS is a rpg in a dark future with a small light in the sky.
apfun	aPfun is a simple library or extension writen in php, that can help you developing fully personalized websites or portals. You will be able to make dynamic sites using directly php code and the functions of this library or using a friendly macro language
apfw	The Apparatus Framework is an object oriented software framework written in C++ for embedded applications. It implements RT-OS abstraction, simulation facilities, device and communication concepts, design pattern and more.
apg	APG is a Java 1.3 application that generates HTML photo-galleries.  It allows the grouping of images into &#039;entries&#039; that can optionally have descriptions for any of the images within.  It&#039;s designed as a simple solution to web based galler
apgame	Atlantis Poker is a poker library for creating poker software. The library is being used as the backend foundation for a single player poker game.
apgames	Adventure Pixel Games is a collaboration company of Games designers who was creating point&#039;n click games. The company work principally in Spanish. The games are reminder of the 90&#039;s games. (c) by Andyvec Team. Enter in: www.apgames.sf.net to pa
apgdiff	Simple PostgreSQL diff tool that is useful for schema upgrades. The tool compares two schema dump files and creates output file that is (after some hand-made modifications) suitable for upgrade of old schema.
apgf	The first stage of this project is to development a good PHP framework that help to improve my current works. It depends, if others also think it is a good thing, i will continue on it or just do it for my own use.
apggui	A user-friendly Microsoft Windows-interface to the APG password generator providing powerful, flexible and secure password generation including the ability to generate pronounceable passwords.
apgnsis	A utility program written in MSVC++ to automate and simplify patch creation for use with the NSIS installation system
apguard	apGuard is very easy to use program which allows to automatize the process of setting permanent rights for files and directories (using the configuration file). Works on linux, and probably on other UNIX systems.
aphasia	aphasia is an advanced scripting language for the web. It features a type-safe core, C++ modules with signatures, an optimizing &quot;compiler&quot;, higher-order functions, built-in database support, garbage collection, and more.
aphex	Pure 100% java chat messenger, but this chat system aims to eventually support VOIP communication, video/audio conferencing, and what we refer to as Realms.  Aphex will be made into a platform for communication with pluggable components.
aphexircd	AphexIRCd is an open source IRC daemon based onthe UltimateIRCd 3.x series with added features for both users and IRC Operators alike.
aphid-docbook	APHID is an easy-to-install, easy-to-use DocBook environment. APHID transforms source documents (text or XML) into multiple output formats (HTML, PDF, HTML Help, etc.). APHID is a derivative work of eDE (http://www.e-novative.de).
aphis	A set of developer API&#039;s aimed at addressing the problem of software alarming. This project intends to provide a simple developer interface for software alarms with a feature rich development framework for various platforms.
aphobum	A time ago when I tried to find a nice picture-gallery for a friend of mine, I noticed that the world lacks a good PHP-MySQL GNU-GPL gallery so here&#039;s what I contribute with.
aphopper	AP Hopper is a program that automatically hops between access points of different wireless networks. It checks for DHCP and Internet Access on all the networks found. It logs successful and unsuccessful attempts.
aphoto	The aPhoto provide a Command line interface to create DVDs with photographs in high resolution.
aphp	Open Source Database Driven Web Portal in a personal home page style --- APHP (Advanced Personal Homepage)
aphpa	APHPA is a site wide photo album solution designed for communities. Features include the ability to create albums, multiuser support, uploading of single or zipped files to be automagically processed, resizing of photos online, and a permission system.
aphpide	phpIDE is a PHP Integrated Development Environment software application for windows. It will help novice and intermediate programmers in programming codes in PHP.
aphpkb	Andy&#039;s PHP Knowledgebase using MySQL is a database driven Web Application for storing, searching and updating article content for a knowledgebase.  Andy&#039;s PHP Knowledgebase is easily customized and has potential for a variety of creative uses.
aphplix	APhPLIX Development Studio, is an open source Rapid Application Development environment for designing, developing and deploying WebBrowser-based applications that look, feel and act like regular window-based applications.
aphpps	A advanced but easy to setup and maintain poll system written in PHP for every site, whether small or big, who wish to have polls online.
aphpsurvey	This is a PHP based online survey system with many features.  Including user permissions, choice sets, many terms per survey, and graphical analysis of results.
aphyllis	Aphyllis is a collection of scripts, based on the AMaViS project, which integrates MTAs and antivirus programs. It&#039;s very limited at the moment - most of the intelligence of AMaViS was removed in order to get it to work.. that intelligence needs to 
apicaller	API Caller is a software for extracting API functions from any executable and can be used to call them. With this tool, quality can easily be checked by calling functions and checking them if they are error-free.
apii-ugen	Generator of uniformly distributed random numbers where there are many methods (algorithms) of random numbers generations available (Fibonacci generator,Marsaglia&#039;s MWC generator, etc). As many, as possible.
apilib	This is the GUI class compilation which helps develop user interface based od plain WinAPI.
apilitax	APIlitAx is an AJAX application based on the APIlity PHP library (http://google-apility.sourceforge.net/) and allows users to manage their Google AdWords accounts in an interactive way.
apinterpas	Pascal Interpreter
apisadmin	APISAdmin is a tool for simplifying the creation, migration, administration and maintenance of GNU/Linux-Servers in doctor&#039;s offices.
apit	Project developed using AOP , and different architectural concepts.
apk-tools	A shell based package manager for embedded *nix systems similar FreeBSD pkgtools.
apkframework	APKframework is the framework for developing web based application. Writen on PHP5. APKframework - ????? ???????, ??????????????? ?????????? Web ??????????, ????????? ?????? MVC.
apl	Another Php Library is an object oriented php library,made up of various helper classes.Main goal of this project is to minimize the time and effort to implement common tasks while developing a web based application
apl7007img	System for documents images of the Spanish SNCE 7007 application
aplaws	APLAWS is an Open Source Content Management System. The system has been designed to help UK authorities deliver services online as part of the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister&#039;s Local Government Online programme.
aplepy	APLEpy stands for Algebraic Programming Language Extension for Python. It is an open source alternative to commercial products such as AMPL and GAMS. It offers the same high level of abstraction while keeping the advantages of using Python environment.
aplinux-mail	APLINUX.com.br Mail server is a Debian based distribution LINUX directed exclusively toward Publication WEB Servers, DNS Servers and Mail Servers. Its great differential is the installation and configuration automatized and personalized of these services
aplm	APLM is designed to be an easy to install and manage, cross-platform system for managing a small personal library.  It current supports basic searching and a local interface.  It will support both local and Web interfaces, complex searches, topic browsin
aplot	Plot/Printer 3D 2D Project - CAD/CAM CNC - It go convert them for a language that later will be interpreted by the machine.
aplug	Welcome to Andhra Pradesh Linux Users Group, APLUG! We have very much interesting activities under our belt. Probably, the best one being making your own projects! We strive for advocacy of Open Source in all ways and in all means.
aplugedit	APlugEdit is a graphical schematic editor for ALSA .asoundrc file (this file descripts plugin chains for user-level programs).
aplus	A+ programming language.  APL, scripting, X11, Unix, math, array processing, cool fonts.
apml	ApMl provides users with the ability to crawl the web and download pages to their computer in a directory structure suitable for a Machine Learning system to both train itself and classify new documents.  Classification Algorithms include Naive Bayes, KN
apmp	Another distribution of apache that contains Apache, MySQL, Perl, and PHP. and comes with the following modules mod_perl, mod_php, mod_python, and more. Also Contains a FTP and Mail Server. Will be ready to run right after installation
apmserver	LAGA APM Server es la Fusion de Apache PHP MySQL FileZilla IceCast PHPBB2 PHPMyAdmin entro Otros, Es Util Para Montar un servidor de Servicios Local
apmtool	The APMTool is the software implementation of the Aspectual Predesign technique allowing to convert non-functional requirements into a model residing between requirement analysis and conceptual design and to map this model into the conceptual model
apmud	pmud is a daemon which periodically polls the PMU (power manager) and performs functions such as enabling or disabling devices appropriately when the powersource changes. It can also be instructed to signal init(8) that a powerfailure has occured.
apnaopus	ApnaOpus extends the original BitTorrent implementation with the ability to handle metadata from files on the client- and trackerlevel. The tracker becomes searchable and can generate .torrents on the fly.
apoad	AP on a disk is a one-disk 802.11b (WiFi) wireless access point for prism-2/2.5/3 and lucent/hermes based wlan-cards.
apocalypse	Apocalypse Game Engine (AGE) is a PHP based framework designed to be moddable. It is geared toward turn-based strategy games, and will allow admins to customize settings. Uses MySQL  as the database, although we will port to allow virtually every type DB
apocalyx	APOCALYX is a 3D engine based on OpenGL and other free libraries suitable for the creation of games or serious simulations.
apod	Program to listen, play, watch and transfer the content of your iPod to your PC under MS Windows.
apodio	APODIO is a GNU/Linux platform containing audio, text-friendly, graphic and video tools. It can be used as a liveCD or be installed on a partition of your hard disk. http://apodio.org
apograd	A gradient designer for use with Apophysis - the fractal flame program
apokalypse	An action rpg where you have to avoid the Apokalypse. This Game is a Hack&amp;Slay type rpg like Diablo2.
apol	APOL (Alternative Php Optimized Language) was made to speed up your webpages by using the most optimized code for the job. Now it is also going to act as a link between PHP, HTML, and JavaScript. One language for all three!
apolda	Apolda is a plugin for the Gate framework (see http://sourceforge.net/projects/gate/) that annotates texts with labels of concepts from an arbitrary OWL-ontology.
apollo-handler	A simple library that serves as a modperl wrapper. It automates many tricky or repetitive tasks and allows for rapid prototyping and web application development.
apollo-project	APOLLO: Academic Publishing for Online Learning with Learning Objects - a set of WebObjects frameworks and applications for dealing with learning objects in an academic setting.
apollo85	An emulation of the experimental computer board 85, called ECB85, including an assembler and a c-compiler.
apollolux	A collection of open-source VSTs, one written to emulate the Yamaha YM2612 FM synthesis chip.
apollomigration	APOLLO is a data migration software development framework. APOLLO provides an editor and a compiler for data migration software. APOLLO is based on Java 5.0 and produces data migration software in Java 5.0.
apolloncddb	Apollon CD Collection Database is a Win32 program to create audio CD&#039;s collection into a  Mysql database.
apolloplayer	Apollo is a music player GUI front-end for Linux. It aims to make it easy to choose and play music, currently MP3s, using a clean and functional interface. No skins.
apolo	Apolo is a set of irc services using the P10 protocol of the ircu-hispano daemon.
apolon	Apollo is an open source, experimental Inventory Visibility (IV) application. The IV applications enable both suppliers and customers to have a Web view and to manage activities that affect the customer inventory.
apolos	Apolos is a small program to listen to music CDs, and is planned to be able to rip them also. Its written in C for GNU/Linux using GTK+ as the GUI.
apophenia	An open statistical library for C, providing functions on the same level as those of the typical stats package (OLS, probit, singular value decomposition, &amp;c.) but without tying the user to an ad hoc language or environment.
apophysis	Apophysis is a windows application made in delphi for creating, editing and rendering fractal flames. Fractal flame is an extension on the IFS fractal.
aporm	APORM is an object-relational mapper (sort of :) that is written entirely in python. It handles all the M in my MVC projects. It is a part of a slightly larger project that I am making. Hoping it could help other python developers in their own projects.
aportal	APortal is an portal site application build in asp with jscript and web standards.
apostil	Apostil is an annotation Java software. The core of Apostil allows end-users to view their documents, to annote them and to keep track of their annotation. Plugins provides more functionnalities.
apostle	The Apostle Project is a project seeking to provide a well-designed alternative to existing operating systems. The goal is to create an operating system that works - really works - because it&#039;s both appropriate and effective for the people who use i
apostrophe	Apostrophe is a tool for building, visualizing, and simulating multi-layered biological networks, structured as hierarchical Petri-nets. It has a built-in stochastic simulator, but also provides easy access to other simulation and analysis tools.
apothikarios	Apothik@rios is a project that stores  an manage the equipment of a computer lab.\nFor the begining i am developing it with ASP.NET letter i will port it to php.
app-rover	AppRover is a package management system designed to be easily portable and highly flexible in regard to package types supported.  It also supports source-based packages and allows for customized building.
app-template	Quick start application framework for Java developers. Integrates logging, PicoContainer, HSQLDB, CLI, a JFormDesigner Project and a Poseidon for UML project all in an Eclipse project. A basic MVC is set up.\n\nPreconfigured JAR has licenses included.
appalert	A lightweight .NET service that sends out status/alert/warning messages ( via email, IM, etc..) at scheduled intervals/ad-hoc to designated receivers. The bend is towards developers and sys admins who need their deployed solutions to check up with them.
apparatus	A simple game project
apparition	A tool aimed at semi-automatic backups and restorations to and from various media, and allowing backups to be made into a distributable form.
appass	An architecture approach and framework used in modeling of software systems that embodies large palettes of functionalities any of witch consists of a small number of elementary operations.
appcatapult	Application launcher that starts an app in a certain display, share, drive context and restores settings on app exit.
appcheck	Monitor settings specific to any J2EE app using this web application. Default monitorable settings includes values in xml/property files, database settings, urls etc. Extend the API to monitor any settings specific to your J2EE applications.
appcom	&quot;appcom&quot; provides an API to manage the messages exchanged between two applications which are a frontend application (GTK+, QT, curses, SWING, etc.) and a backend application written in C, C++, Java, etc. (and owns the value added)
appconf	LGPL small Cross-platform application configuration management class for Win32/Linux/UNIX environments which will use system and user text config files, and on Win32 the system Registry. C++ using C strings.
appconference	AppConference is a high-performance Asterisk voice/video conferencing plugin.
appcontour	Deal with the apparent contour of a regular 3D surface, i.e. the observer\nview of the points of the surface in which the normal is orthogonal with\nthe view direction
appcore	Using an effective marriage between lock-free and lock-based algorithms to achieve scaleable thread-to-thread communication.
appctl	ctl is an extensible application control script. It is a generic script written on ksh to control every kind of application. Control means to start, stop or monitor. The tool is currently used on Solaris environment but it&#039;s ready for Linux use as w
appcyc	Appcyc is a C# / .NET application deployment solution featuring three component: user feedback, error reporting, and automatic update. Each component can be reused stand-alone. It utilizes php on the server side, and aims for smaller projects.
appdc	A sample implementation of an OpenAF application host written in C.
appdigest	Library to include in your (web-)application for checking the integrity of your deployed applications. AppDigest creates hashcodes for all projectfiles and offers the possibility to check (via servlet call or command line) for unwanted modifications.
appdir	A group of tools to provide relocatable applications and libraries for Free desktops.
appdynamic	Application Designer
appear	A frontend written in sh which makes Portage (the Gentoo Linux package manager) much more efficient by backgrounding downloads and allowing for automatic prelinking of packages.
appexp	AppExplorer is a general purpose CD/DVD cataloger. AppExplorer can scan any cd/folder/drive for &quot;application descriptor&quot; files and create a list of applications found on the fly.
appfire	The program appfire is an application-level firewall that uses regular expressions in its filtering process, and acts transparently in forwarding bytes from a remote client to a local server. All illegal violations are logged.
appformap	AppForMap is a web based client for OGC Web Map Servers, php/mapscript and spatial enabled databases (PostGIS). It provides an HTML / javascript interface for querying wms servers/mapscript and querying/inserting/updating/deleting features in PostGIS.
appfoundation	Foundation is a suite of specifications, utilities, and software components whose purpose is to ease the development, debugging, and maintenance of software with advanced features such as scripting, data structure sharing between disparate programming la
appfw	Some components for building Java based applications based on HiveMind and Spring Framwork, including components for service lifecycle management and for security management.
appheartbeatmon	Application Heartbeat Monitor is a daemon + library that applications register with to have their life signs monitored.
apphere	The AppHere framework allows movement of applications &amp; their state between computers. Uses JBoss.net server talking to C# client, which moves IE browsers inc. forms between PCs. SOAP interface lets any other device initiate transfer e.g. wireless PD
apphpxm	This is a web-based tuner for XM Radio Online.  It is coded in PHP, so its user interface should be platform-independent.  The goal is to allow users to play the music stream in any player of their choice.
appia	Appia is a protocol composition and execution framework implemented in Java and providing extended configuration and programming possibilities. Using this framework, the programmer can build complex network protocols and algorithms.
appin	APPiN (pronounced &quot;app-in&quot;) allows business owners that use brokers/outside sales reps to manage and track applications and other documentation needed for their business. Web based makes it easy to use and accessable everywhere.
appkeepalive	Application Keepalive Daemon will run an application until it stops and then run it again. Setup continously run applications not designed as daemons.
appkeys	Keyboard shortcuts to run your favourite programs quickly and easily. The shortcuts you set are then available at any time, just press those keys and the program will run. The shortcuts can be configured easily within the program.
applacrity	Applacrity is a framework for the rapid development of web applications that provides Ruby on Rails like ease of use combined with the power of the Java and J2EE platform.
applaunch	AppLaunch is a MacOS X tool written in Objective-C/Cocoa to launch common Unix and MacOS commands using a &quot;graphical command line&quot;. You can say that it is the MacOS X version of Windows&#039;, KDEs, ... &quot;Run&quot;/&quot;Launch&quot; dialog
applautolayer	The AAL implements specific abstractions built on the .NET that enables teams developing large-scale applications to succeed in an environment of rapid development and customer requirements changes.
apple	This project is a creating free English-Hebrew Dictionary, using the Wiki method. We will upload a lost of english words, and the visitors will be able to translate these word to hebrew. In the future we hope also to create Hebrew-English Dictionary
apple-drivers	This project is built to make drivers for the newly created Windows on Mac.  We need many drivers, so get as much information on the apple bluetooth device as you can.  We also need the on-board isight drivers, and other drivers, such as video.
apple-emulator	An Apple ][, ][+, ][e, //c emulator written in portable C++. Should run on any computer. The 6502 emulator is written as an interface to be fully reusable.
apple2hylafax	This project provides the ability to queue FAXes from MacOS X 10.3&#039;s Fax panel to a remote CUPS/HylaFAX server.
apple3d	Graphical interface using OpenGL to display a graph structure in 3D.
applecommander	AppleCommander is a tool that manipulates Apple ][ disk images. Files may be imported, exported, viewed, or printed with various file filters.
applefile	AppleFile is a library for reading and interpreting Apple Macintosh files in a variety of formats.  Resources can be looked up by type/ID pairs.  Interpretation for some resource types is provided, and more types will be added.
applehotnews	Apple Hot News is a Mac OS X Widget that fetches the latest news from Apple, Inc. and brings it right to your desktop.
applejack	AppleJack is a user friendly troubleshooting assistant for Mac OS X. With AppleJack you can troubleshoot a computer even if you can`t load the GUI, or don`t have a startup CD handy. AppleJack runs in Single User Mode and is menu-based for ease of use.
applekeys	Driver for the ApplePro keyboard for all Windows 32 Bit Versions
applemods	AppleMods are individual libraries (libs, mods) for use with AppleScript. Useful as both a rapid development toolbase, mods are also beneficial because they are peer-tested code built on solid script code. The AppleMods system includes a mod Loader.
applepy	An Apple ][ Emulator written in Python.
applero	AppleRO is an open-source project involving modding the open-source of athena. It also is a server.
appleseed	Appleseed is (augmented) social networking software, ie Friendster, only distributed.  Sites running Appleseed will interoperate, and form the &#039;Appleseed Social Network.&#039;  Development is focused on privacy and security, as well as ease of confi
applet2app	Enables conversion of an applet into a normal Java application/Windows executable.For this application, the target user is an applet developer. Once he has completed the development of the applet, he can use this application to create an executable file.
appletjax	Tools to allow the seamless integration of server-side Java and client-side JavaScript into an easy to use Web application development environment.
appletserver	Run Java AWT and Swing applets on the web *server-side*.  Dynamic HTML (AJAX) for the browser is automatically generated.  NOW USING GWT (Google Web Toolkit)!
applimovies	ApplicationMovies is a management application of movies and the storage of the movies. For the moment storages are videotapes but others storage like DVD are\nenvisaged. This program can retrieve information about movies on the IMDB web site.
applnk2wm	applnk2wm is a python script that converts the KDE/GNOME menu which usually resides in /usr/share/applnk into a format understood by Window Maker. The generated menu can then be added to your existing main menu as a submenu.
applocaleplus	AppLocale+ extends the original Microsoft AppLocale software functionality, simply a right click could make the program run in other language.
applog	AppLog is a simple application logging utility.
appmac	AppMac-Edit is a new beta editor for Apocalyx
appmaker	Appointment Maker is a web based ASP.Net application that facilitates the scheduling of appointments between two groups of people. It was designed to allow students to set up appointments and to allow instructors to post their schedules to the web
appman	Tool to manage struts config files
appmenu	When looking for a certain application, &#039;application&#039;-menus of desktop environments are always incomplete. This script aims to generate a list of ALL applications on your computer  and parse it into a menu definition for fvwm2 and other window 
appms	&quot;Another PHP Plugin Management System&quot; is a user-, groups-, rights-, plugins management system which can handle as many plugins as you like. Every plugin is able to connect to many different devices to display its content and to interact with t
appmulcast	AppMulCast provides generic library for application-level multicasting. It manages efficient multicast tree reconfiguration and is able to construct multiple multicast trees at the same time with different QoS requirements (delay, loss, throuhgput, etc.)
appnet	A basic client/server layer designed to be built upon by applications.  Initially this was a part of the Memento but is being split out so it can be licensed under BSD.  It currently supports a server-push paradigm making use of Java threading.
appointment	Online ASP appointment system for doctor study using ms access database.
appointments	Calendar is a standards-based calendar application (ala iCal or Sunbird,) using ICS, VCS, or its native file format.  Users will be able to create and modify their own calendars, as well as upload them to a site, among other things.
appoker	&quot;APPoker - All Purpose/Platforms Poker&quot; is a platform independent poker client/server software which will sport an open fully game-capable network environment for playing poker over the internet.
appp	It is a Process Monitoring Toolkit with the ability of Extend.\nE.g. You can use it to monitor a specified process.\nAnd set a triger like (over 50MB mem use) then do something like (report to DB).
appr	Appr is a useful program that helps you learning a new language. You can specify easily a list of word you want to learn, and the program, using the Leitner method, will help you improving your vocabulary.
appreaper	Remember your frequently used programs with appReaper. Auto detect running applications to generate session profiles. Avoid having to manually reopen dozens of windows.\nVery small, fast and easy to use!
apprentice	Apprentice is an HTTP daemon written in Perl and having native integration with HTML::Mason.
apprenticemage	A Magic the Gathering deckbuilding and testing program which is based on Apprentice.  Except it is open source, so that everyone can add-on and make the application grow.
apprentix	A web based user management system for Unix variants, written in PHP.
approx	A CGI proxy written in Python. For browsing the internet in a censored environment. It features URL obfuscation and a client proxy makes browsing through approx transparent to the user. Proxy cleaner removes the proxy URL from proxy modified pages
apps2log	The software apps2log, written in PL/SQL, is developed for Oracle Application Systems which run on an Oracle8i (or later) database. It is a small package that enables the programmer to log information of custom packages smoothly to a database table.
apps4gl	The &#039;4GL Applications Repository&#039; is dedicated to development and maintenance of OpenSource applications written in x4GL programming language. Mostly, this applications fall in business oriented, database related (BRDO) category.
appscript	Appscript is a high level, user friendly Python-to-Apple-event bridge that allows you to control scriptable Mac OS X applications using ordinary Python scripts. Appscript makes Python a serious alternative to AppleScript for automating your Mac.
appsecure	Appsecure is an open source project that provides comprehensive authentication and authorization services for enterprise applications based on the .NET Framework.
appserv	AppServ is an merging open source software installer package for Windows and Linux.
appserver-s	A Client Server database management system to manage execution of repetitive data transfer over un-realiable networks.  All SQL is stored server side and pushed to clients on demand.
appsg	(almost)-Perfect-Personal-Server/Gateway,  a base-unit(P-homeSVR) +/ portable-extentions(CarSVR/G.Body-G..), serving its Remote(intrnt,Gx-cell..) +local-R(Wlan,blth..) -thinClient-users(PDA,M-media,VOIP/comm,controler,rem-Disp..) throe a friendly-gui(web
appshare	JavelinOrgChart is a class library, written in Java, for generating organizational charts (OrgChart/OrgTree/Organigram). Utilising the Java2D APIs to generate orgcharts in several formats for the web or SWING-like GUI&#039;S.
appsmack	Open Source web application security testing engine written in C. Target operating system support includes win32, linux, BSD and OSX.
appstarter	Launch applications from your usb flash drive without having to change drive letters in shortcuts etc! Features drive letter replacing in files and -flags, easy adding, deleting and editing of applications to start. Soon platform independent with Java!
appstats	A lightweight framework to capture, analyze, and publicize health, performance, and monitoring statistics for Java applications.  Easily adaptable to other application monitoring packages.
appstrate	An intranet P2P like Groove.
appstring	Approximate String Matching with Genetic Algorithms. Using techniques like crossover, mutation and reproduction string matching can be performed.
appsunit	AppsUnit toolkit offers a library to help testing your Oracle® e-business suite code. The kit helps testing views, pl/sql packages, concurrent request and more in a Multi-Org e-business setup. No software needs to be installed on the Applications server
appswitch	The Application Switch is a daemon that allows multiple applications to use multiple XML-RPC or SOAP service providers without requiring the configuration of each individual application.
appsynth	AppSynth is a database generator for bank accounts simulations.
apptools	The AppTools library provides general tools for developing Java applications, especially applications using a plug-in architecture to extend their functionality. The project also provides a platform for running such applications.
apptweak	AppTweak is a GConf editor for GNOME.
appupdater	Appupdater provides advanced functionality to Windows, similar to apt-get or yum on Linux. It automates the process of installing and maintaining up to date versions of programs. It is fully customizable for use in a corporate environment.
appupdatewiz	Web Update Wizard Framework allows developers an easy way to deploy their updates on the host site and let users download them using the Web Update Wizard application.
appv	AppView is an open-source demonstration application for PalmOS.  Included are examples of DB and ResDB manipulation as well as UI implementation.  Users may find AppView useful for its app rename and resource profiling functions. (status - stable)
appwiki	An application wiki where users can make their own pages with rich behavior; not just text.
appwrap	AppWrap is a web GUI front end to DB back end, making it easy for users to maintain and track dynamic data; easy for admins to increase the scope of data included. Improvement over sharing files among a workgroup, needing gobal 7x24 access.
appxbang	appx-BANG! (Business Applications Next Generation) customizable financial accounting and distribution applications for business use. Graphical, client-server, Internet enabled, scalable (General Ledger, Payables, Receivables, Payroll, Inventory, &amp; mo
appymod	A server plugin for Valve&#039;s Half-Life 2 &quot;Source Engine&quot; (used in games like Counter-Strike: Source) that provides other programs access to the server plugin API, making it easy to automate admin and game-related tasks.
apq	APQ is an Ada95 thick binding to allow Ada SQL client programs to access PostgreSQL, MySQL and Sybase database systems. The purpose of the project is to continue to improve upon APQ&#039;s current OO framework and portable product support.
apradar	Linux 2.6/GTK+ wireless netstumbler. displays in-range access points. manages 802.11 configuration.
aprematautor	Apremat Autor es un asistente para generar cuadernos did?cticos de matem?ticas.
aprepro	Aprepro is an algebraic preprocessor that reads a file containing both general text and algebraic, string, or conditional expressions. It interprets the expressions and outputs them to the output file along with the general text.
apricleblog	A blogger content system using PHP4 and MySQL that does not use obscure libraries and actually will install.  The code base is all done in OOP with easy to modify code base.  The source is neat and perfect for the hacker that wants a base to work off of.
apricot	Apricot is just a comprehensive and mainly PHP-based API to assist developing applications of any kind (web based or not) on a solid space of modern features such as DBMS abstraction, AJAX and XML from the lower to a middle level.
aprioricsharp	This is a DataMining Tool developed by C#\nJust use Apirori Method to find the relation rules of data
aprocms	A Content Management System originally written for APRO (http://apro.g24u.net/) wich is based on the phpBB forum software and the phpBB Fetch All MOD.
aprof	AProf is a profiler for the Amiga computer.  It can be used with all Amiga development languages that support the standard AmigaDOS symbol hunk format. The application offers execution time measurements in several different ways, allows filtering/sorting
aprofla	This is a programming in flash and delphi, for open others programs in windows.
aprox-engine	Aprox Engine CMS System with Flat File database. For further informations please see my page at www.aprox.de
aproxim	Approximator is program for experimental data approximation and interpolation (20 dependencies for select). Graphical charts. Export to Gnumeric/OpenOffice Calc/Microsoft Excel. Multi-language interface.
aproxymate	Aproxymate is a simple proxy server written in PERL. Initial release include basic URL filtering capabilities.
aprsd	aprsd is a server daemon that provides Internet gateway and client access to amateur radio APRS packet data.
aprsdigi	aprsdigi, a linux amateur radio APRS digipeater
aprsicqd	Send APRS messages to ICQ
aprsinet	Document the amateur radio Automatic Position Report System (APRS) internet system. Provide specification document as well as example source code for utilizing the aprs serve network.
aprsmapserv	APRS Comprehensive Mapping Server
aprsworld	APRS World is comprised of an Automatic Packet Reporting System (APRS) parser and a web interface. The parser connects to an APRS feed and inserts packets into a MySQL database. The web interface provides a convenient means of retrieving this data. This
aps	APS Content Management System (CMS) will be recognized as one of the leaders of open-source CMSs as it will offer website administrators a reliable, cost-effective and flexible content management system that will ensure their sites successful growth.
apsdf	This project has the aim of making a small user-friendly database format for the user that can be used on any platform with the main focus being PDAs
apsmodule	Access Points PHP-Nuke module, useful for Wireless Communities who have a PHP-Nuke CMS web page and want to show their members where their access points are located in the city. Has option to automatically include a part of NodeDB.com map based on the No
apt	Apt Parsing Tools (APT) is a toolkit of applications for compiler writing that make use of modern software development techniques and written in C. There are 3 major tools included: a lexical scanner generator, a parser generator, and a tool to generate 
apt-checkpoint	apt-checkpoint is a utility that can take point-in-time snapshots of a Debian system.  These checkpoints can then be compared to the current system (diff) and used to downgrade (rollback) to a previously working system state.
apt-got	apt-got builds and supervises a partial (or full) Debian mirror, that is filled on-the-fly by apt-get requests. But there&#039;s more! Its modular mirror engine is ready for customized mirroring algos. So you can easily make your own module! (Eg for apt4
apt-indicator	The Qt applet showing presence of new packages through APT package manager.
apt-jelly	APT-Jelly provides a template-oriented approach to code generation from Java source code.  Based on Sun&#039;s Annotation Processing Tool, APT-Jelly allows developers to leverage the latest features including metadata (annotations), generics, and enums.
apt-mirrors	apt-mirrors checks servers with APT repositories for bandwidth and writes best to sources.list. It is completly integrated with libapt-pkg, i.e. it uses native APT methods for fetching files.
apt-move	Maintain Debian packages in a package pool
apt-no-network	Install packages in a debian box without internet connection
apt-proxy	A small proxy for caching apt-get requests for multiple Debian boxes behind a finite-bandwidth link.  It builds up a partial mirror and serves later requests for the same file from that cache.
apt-scan	A command line tool that realizes query to the packages.ubuntu.com database. It aims to provide one-shot searches, without download many MB for a simple search against other utilities.
apt-support	`apt-support&#039; renamed `security-keeper&#039;. apt-support is a security support tool on Debian GNU/Linux. Two or more security holes were in all the versions of apt-support. Since these are corrected by security-keeper, please do not use apt-support
apt-w32	apt-w32 is not a port but a suite of tools inspired on Debian apt-get. apt-w32 aims to provide a way of installing and upgrading software from a central repository (normally over http). Several file formats are common to Debian dpkg/apt-get
aptclone	An online community which allows users there own personal webpage, web logs. More features are being added. Assistance is welcome. http://gc.dc3.ca/
aptcms	aptCMS is a dynamic web content management system written in PHP with support for multiple database types.  aptCMS aims to provide a light and fast framework whilst providing simplicity for the administrator.
aptech-hrm	Human Resource Management
apterm	The aim of the APterm project was to develop a terminal program running on TI-89 (possibly TI-92+ and V200 too).  Some work was done, but due to TI&#039;s choice of cable it is not practically possible to make a terminal application. What the project has
aptesting	AdaPackageTesting is a tool for developers using the Ada95 programming language. With him, it&#039;s very fast to create the structure of a test program based of the package specifications (.ads).
aptframework	aptframework is a Java/Swing framework for developing large-scale business/enterprise rich-client database-driven applications.
aptg	the project has moved to &lt;a href=http://aptg2.schattenzauberer.de&gt;http://aptg2.schattenzauberer.de&lt;/a&gt; visit the project there
aptilis	Aptilis is a very simple - yet powerful - scripting language, especially developed for the web. The syntax resembles Basic.
aptimelib	aptimelib is a new, extremely portable, generic, 64-bit, time/date library. It implements the proposal by David R. Tribble ( http://david.tribble.com/text/c0xlongtime.html ), featuring epoch basis, microsecond granularity, and platform translation.
aptitude	Aptitude&#039;s goal is to be a highly configurable console frontend for the Debian Advanced Package Tool, based heavily on hierarchical display of information about packages.
aptoncd	A GUI-based tool that allows you to create a CD/DVD with all downloaded packages  with APT-GET, creating a removable-repository.\nAPTonCD will also allow you to download and create automaticaly DVDs with all Deb packages avaliable in a specific repository
aptor	A framework for rapid application development using Java 5 annotations to generate code and drive dynamic proxies
aptos	APTOS is an open source Apt translator project. It consists of several CAM applications, based on the Apt programming language. It is used to create control programs for cnc mills, lathes, water jets, lasers, and other industrial equipment.
aptsamever	Lists or removes old duplicate versions of packages installed by apt-get. With this tool it&#039;s easy to keep only the newest version of each package in APT cache.
apuama	Apuama Engine is a C-JDBC extension to process heavy-weight OLAP queries. It implements intra-query parallelism to reduce the query processing time. The result is an open-source database cluster that supports both OLTP and OLAP applications.
apubdb	The Academic Publications Database project is a suite of Perl, Javascript, and HTML code for the web-based maintenance, display, and searching of a database of academic publications.
apvfs	APR based virtual file system library and modules for read/write access to gzip, bzip, tar, cpio, iso and zip archives.
apvision	APVision is a LAMP (Linux,Apache,MySQL,Perl) application that monitors 802.11 access points (APs) beacons and allows the user to view and associate with an AP using a browser based UI. Works with the madwifi 802.11 driver and Linux wireless extensions. S
apvm	APVM/Oroboro is an approach to embedding Python in Verilog.
apvsys	ApVSys is a general open-source wrapper designed for engineering Unix/Linux environment..It provides a way to use and manage simultaneously different versions of applications (engineering tools, compilers, debuggers simulators, ... ).
apwl	A programming language for creating GUI apps for both the internet &amp; desktop.  The apps made with the language will be displayed using an interpreter.  For more info visit the projects home page. There is an open message board there where anyone can 
apyax	Lightweight toolkit/framework for building AJAX-style web applications using Python.
aq2-tng	AQ2-TNG is the most used Action Quake2 variant in Europe and Australia/New Zealand. It is the successor of the famous german AQ2 PGBund Edition and the british Barrysworld AQ2 Millenium variant of Action Quake2. It has a whole bunch of new features.
aqbanking	AqBanking is a generic OnlineBanking interface. It allows multiple backends (currently HBCI) and multiple frontends (e.g. KDE, GNOME, console) to be used.
aqdweb	A framework to help you build ASP.NET web applications happily and rapidly in the modern style (with the use of ORM, MVC, two-way databinding UI components, etc); Support NHibernate ORM and DotLucene search engine.
aqgen	This project is for creating a character generator for Adventure Quest. Adventure Quest is a role playing game system which is freely available for download from http://www.aquest.com
aqhbci	Since version 1.3.0beta AqBanking includes all code and modules of AqHBCI. So please visit http://www.aquamaniac.de/aqbanking/.
aqmail	AqMail fetches mails from remote mailboxes, applies admin defined filters and stores the mails in local mailboxes for pop3 daemons to serve them. It supports virtual mail domains and users.
aqmicrokernel	The Open-Source aquaOS Micro-Kernel/Kernel, which features POSIX support, 64bit and backwards-compatability with processors and many other features to be added in disscussion with users and developers. It will be modular in design.
aqmoney	AqMoney uses openhbci to manage your credit institute accounts.
aqpmsn	MSN Messenger client for  linux
aqqlib	Jest to prosta w u?yciu, obiektowo zorientowana biblioteka do obs?ugi protoko?u polskiego komunikatora AQQ. U?ywa: glib, socketw. Dzi?ki zaimplementowaniu przeno?nych biblotek aqqlib dzia?a na systemach Linux i Windows.
aqs	Advanced Quake Statistics is one of these nifty litte tools that every enthusiastic quake3arena player needs. It&#039;s capable to get data from a quake3arena logfile and store it to a database and display it with a GUI front end.
aqtools	Suite of desktop applications and utilities, notably a rich-text-capable multi-mode editor, and utilities and Tcl/Tk libraries that they use.  The libraries are intended to be useful to other Tcl/Tk script writers.
aqua	Aqua is an language/live cd for pc, image pc based. include a text editor, compiler and debugger.
aqua-wm	Aqua-WM is on OSS window manager, being developed to resemble Macintosh&#039;s OS X.
aqua0301bld1	This project produced javascript-based code for solving simple logic puzzles
aquachat	A project to make a clean, efficient IRC client for Mac OS X in Cocoa.
aquachatav	AquaChat AV replaces the brushed metal interface of Apple&#039;s iChat AV software with a bright and clean Aqua one.
aquacrystal	a powerful pure perl written internet relay chat (irc) channel bot
aquaero-osc	Aquaero Open Source Client is a platform independent Software that controls and indicates data of the Aquaero and moduls connected to it. It allows different connection methods like TCP/IP, HID or .dll/.so
aquaethereal	Mac OS X application launcher for WireShark.
aquafix	Will restore the original Aqua theme and all components modified by changing the theme in Mac OS X.
aqualess	AquaLess is a text pager for Mac OS X, intended as a drop-in replacement for the less command. It allows you to browse lengthy text output from Unix command line tools in a separate window, so you can keep working in the terminal while you read.
aqualog	An ontology based portable question-answering system which takes queries expressed in natural language and an ontology as input and returns answers drawn from one or more knowledge bases (KBs)
aqualung	Aqualung: Music player for GNU/Linux, also running natively on Win32. Most popular formats in use today are supported. OSS, ALSA, JACK, Win32 output. Designed for gap-free playback from the ground up. Music DB for organizing large collections.
aquamacs	Aquamacs Emacs is an Aqua-native distribution of the powerful Emacs text editor (version 22.x), featuring Plug&amp;Play and a Mac-like UI with pleasant fonts. Extensive customization enables to feel just right and interact well with your other applicatio
aquamarine	Aquamarine is a Object Oriented language. The goal of this project is to provide a aquamarine to C++ compiler and a classes library.
aquamdb	Aqua Media Database (Aquamdb) is a social media collaboration tool. Right now it only supports collecting media (CDs and DVDs) and tagging them.
aquameta	An operating environment based on Ruby and RDF triples.
aquanota	Aquanota is a modern solution to logging everything about your aquarium. Store and retrieve your logs of your aquarium fast and without the mess of paperwork, although you can print out a copy to archieve it of course.
aquaproject	This project is only just beginning but it is supposed to be a fully featured desktop system that will make windows vista beg for mercy!
aquarel	AquarelEO is an Object Oriented database access library for PHP. The library designed to work with any database available for PHP.
aquariomate	Aquariomate is a web site allowing monitoring and managing 1wire devices for fish tanks.
aquarium	Aquarium is a framework for creating highly-dynamic, custom Web application in Python.  It offers convenient libraries, tight integration with Cheetah, adaptors for various Web environments, and a convenient approach to Web development.
aquariumapplet	Sherman&#039;s aquarium is a xscreensaver hack, an wm(window maker) applet and a a gnome-applet too that shows a couple of nice animated fish that swim around. It can also display the current CPU load and the status of capslock,numlock and scrollock.
aquariummanager	Manager for an Aquarium, keeps track of the fish/animals in an aquarium as well as keeping track of water data.  It also tracks what equipment you have and allows you to schedule times when you want to change filter media and also tracks when you actuall
aquarius-links	AQUARIUS-LINKS is a novel approach to exploit the power of finest technologies for a social cause. AQUARIUS-LINKS proposes the effective water pollution control in water bodies via intelligent high resolution detection mechanism based on natural science.
aquasafe	it is an automate for aquarium. he store informations of your aquarium and take the action
aquascribus	GUI launcher for Scribus desktop publishing program on Mac OS X.
aquascubacalc	An application for calculating SCUBA dive profiles based on naui metric or imperial dive tables. The application displays the profile and the dive tables and shows how the dive profiles were calculated.
aquashell	AquaShell is a simple yet powerful C++ application framework for Mac OS X. AquaShell&#039;s goal is to provide simple &amp; powerful abstractions to the latest Mac OS technologies, including CoreFoundation, CarbonEvents, Rendezvous, HIToolbox, and others
aquaterm	AquaTerm is a Mac OS X grahics renderer. It allows command line applications written in ObjC, C, FORTRAN, Lisp, Perl or Python to display vector graphics, text and images using a simple API. Adapters for gnuplot, PGPLOT, and PLplot exists as well.
aquatkbibtex	Tcl/Tk BibTeX editor, in which the GUI layer has been rewritten to conform better to Apple/OS X HIG.
aquatooljess	Diagnostic tool for fish aquarium (diseases,etc)\nJava, jess
aquicho	Open Source Java code to use with J2EE envrironment for pattern recognition, based on neural network, genetic algorithm and simulated annealing
aquiladc	Aquila is a DirectConnect hub software aiming to provide reliable, flexible and efficient service. It is designed to be lightweight and fast without sacrificing functionality.
aquilla	Search for torrents around the world with this easy to use java search application. Easy to configure which websites to search.
aquisition	Acquisition is a gnutella client written in Objective-C for Mac OS X.
aquos	Why do it the tradidtional way when you can do it a new way? Why use an existing wheel when you can reinvent it yourself? Why do it the easy way when a hard was exists? Why? Because we are professional geeks!
aquosa	AQuoSA is an open architecture for enhancing the Linux kernel with adaptive Quality of Service components. It is composed of a minimally invasive kernel patch and a set of kernel modules and libraries providing feedback-based QoS guarantees to applicatio
aquynza	AQUYNZA is a set of C++ libraries, sample programs and doc&#039;s for the modelling, visualization and persistence of 3D environments. Its modular and highly portable. Its primary objective is helping to learn (and teach) computer graphics. (code in SPAN
aqwiki	AqWiki is an easy to setup and install Wiki system, with better text-processing. It won&#039;t require a database, though will use them.
ar-	Diary ON Rails (donrails) is a content management system. It can use various things. Mainly for diary, blog and memo.Donrails goal is making framework for content management and training materials for making other application with Ruby on Rails.
ar-birthrep-db	This will be a program for storing data and generating reports for the Arkansas Midwife Birth Report.
ar8n-glossary	A web Based application that would help putting a standard to the Arabic ICT glossary
ara	Ara is a web browser based RPG writen in PHP and uses a MySQL database system.
arab	New Arabic Keyboard Layout based on ISLAM-91 Map, where Arabic letters correspond to Latin letters of similar pronunciation, which makes it much faster and easier to type. Example: the Arabic Letter Meem &quot;?&quot; can be typed by pressing &quot;M&quo
arab-cart	its a shopping cart system that can be used easly for arab or any people so that they can inhance the ecommerce in the arab world ...
arabblog	Simple Arabic Blog is easiest way to manage your personal blog in professional way . This blog didn&#039;t need database it use only text with GZIP or without . Easy for install ,just unzip and copy and run then .
arabeyes	Arabeyes is a Meta project that is aimed at fully supporting the Arabic language in the Unix/Linux environment. It is designed to be a central location to standardize the Arabization process. Arabeyes relies on voluntary contributions.
arabian	Arabian Flights is a 3d first-person shooter developed in Java using the Java3D library. It is loosely based on the game Magic Carpet. It consits of a 3d-modelled landscape and sprites for the monsters and spells. It runs under anything that runs Java3D.
arabian-linux	Arabian Linux is the first arabic distro which use KDE as the default GUI. It aims to support arabic language for arab people, and aims to made linux more known and easy to arabs.
arabic	??? ????? ??????? ?? ??????? ?????????? Arabic Support project for every POSIX platforms. Solutions, Documentations, HowTos, Fonts, and scripts.
arabic-cms	Arabization of Contenant management systems like Postnuke / envolution / Xoops / phpnuke and others .
arabic-hunspell	arabic hunspell is a project that provide an arabic dictionary for hunspell and OpenOffice, it contains an arabic wordlist and affix file and a package, and  plan to modify the hunspell soyrce to provide some arabic features
arabic-jaws	This is the Arabic Translation for the Jaws content management system CMS.
arabic-spell	Arabic word list for spell checkers (e.g. Aspell).
arabica	Arabica is an XML parser toolkit written in C++ which provides SAX2, DOM Level 2 and XPath 1.0 implementations.
arabicopencd	An arabic version of The OpenCD. It is a collection of high quality open source software in various categories for windows operating systems. It aims to provide a full OSS alternative for the arabic windows user.
arabictrainer	This software is a language trainer from German to Arabic
arabisc	Arabisc is speaker independent large vocabulary continuous speech recognizer for Arabic language released under GNU license.It is also a collection of open source tools that allows researchers and developers to build speech recognition systems for Arab
arabjoomla	This project is about making joomla the CMS in arabic and even more localizing it to match arab users imaginations of how to make a website based on a content mangement system.
arabrenamerv2	Arab Renamer is a small tool to convert your Arabic letters to the corresponding English letters without any translation, but using well known method of writing Arabic.
arabsun	a web site targeting the arabic nations &amp; the Middel East for spreading the OS concepts and software and translating most of the current software documentation into arabic language .
arachnicord	Arachnicord will validate the html of an entire website, display all of the errors and highlight where these errors are located in your HTML source.
arachnid	Arachnid is a Java-based web spider framework.  It includes a simple HTML parser object that parses an input stream containing HTML content.  Simple Web spiders can be created by sub-classing Arachnid and adding a few lines of code called after each page
arachnide	Arachnide is an Open Source client for UO server emulators (primary UOX). It uses the SDL library to achieve a platform independent fast graphic access. (Hopefully) we&#039;ll bring a new level to free, graphic based MUD games.
aracnis	Aracnis is a Java based framework for building distributed web spiders.  These spiders can be used to accomplish a variety of tasks, for example, screen-scraping and link integrity checking.
arad	PHP script that shows the online visitors and their countries and the last time that specific IP came and how many times it cames.
aragon	The Aragon Add-Ons are frameworks and enhancements to the VisualWorks Smalltalk development environment, intended for use in own application development, as well as in deployed applications.
aragonframework	The Aragon Framework is a generic, module-based SWT Java application framework. It provides several (bound-in) services to support fast application development.
aragorn	Aragorn is a framework useful as starting point in developing WEB applications that are portable between differents execution engines and different DB platforms.
aragoth	Various Web based programs and accompanying gtk+ based administrative programs designed by the aragoth.org developers.
arahabikarpg	Non-fighting Online RPG Environment for community.
aramorph	AraMorph is an Arabic morphological analyzer and part-of-speech tagger.
aramoz	Arabic Localization project for Mozilla Software.
arandano	Arandano is a simple javascript based CMS. The main idea is to use only client side technologies. Arandano use XML files to organize the information and to generate the web structure and use xmlhttprequest object to get content saved in text files.
arandu	Arandu is an exam simulation application wich allows teachers to create exams and students to take it. Using Arandu, anyone can easily create an exam and distribute it.
aranea	A simple webserver supports CGI, programming language LUA gonna be embedded to allow more flexibility.
araneaframework	Aranea is a Java Hierarchical Model-View-Controller Web Framework that provides a common simple approach to building the web application components, reusing custom or general GUI logic and extending the framework.
araneidae	Araneidae is a framework for Model Driven Development (MDD). It integrates Java, XML and UML within the development environment to achieve Model Driven Architecture (MDA). It leverages other technologies and standards like MOF, XMI, and XSD.
araneum	Araneum is a web application core/CMS focusing on ease of use, speed, and systems integration.  Araneum also has a modular design, allowing it to be easily customized and reused.
arangel	Arch Angel is a MMORPG wich u wander around killing things, partying with friends, grouping and killing to share exp with those among the group, playing in guilds and designing guildhouses!
aranym	New 32-bit Atari computer clone. Virtual machine running on top of your favorite operating system. Faster than any Atari compatible machine ever made, with better graphics and more memory. That is ARAnyM.
arara	Arara Web Organizer is a multi-user organizer with a Web interface.
ararat	A GUI-based email application capable of recording, compressing and sending voice messages.
aras-os	ARAS is a Operating system , designed to provide virtual machine capability with close relation to the base hardware allowing native performance of multiple Operating systems over it .
arash	arash is a Content Management System specialisized on multimedia. Target group are small radio stations that like to map their programs to the web as audio on demand.
araspect	araSpect is a server side object inspector for web applications. Through a web interface you can drill down in your server side java beans. It is very easy to install and can be added to a deployed application. There is special support for Struts.
aratix	Aratix ist der Nachfolger des Radio_CMS. PHP5-CGI, OOP, Module zur Serververwaltung sind nur einige Punkte, die das Leben der Web- und Internetradios erleichtern. Icecast-, Shoutcast-, sc_trans-, streamTranscoder-Support
aratora	OpenPROJECT (ARATORA)
araucaria	Linux for Science. From Astronomy to Zoology (Genetics, Physic and Bioinformatic are included).
arbat	Light complete CORBA services Java implementation targeted to JavaSoft ORB with possible bridging some services to corresponding analogs like JMS, JTS and others.
arbcms	ArbCMS - the easiest way to build and manage your website.
arbeat	A console tool to add BPM tags to mp3 files.  If mpg321 is installed, the song can be played in the background while the user taps the keyboard to determine the tempo.
arbeit	Arbeit is a comprehensive software framework for the visualization of volumetric data.  It offers a number of novel features to aid in user interaction, classification, and rendering, including 3D widgets, segmentation, and volume light transport.
arbeitssuche	Arbeit search the german job market for either work or applicants. Arbeit: Suche nach Arbeit und Arbeitnehmern über die Webseite der BA. Einfacher Versand von Nachrichten an Bewerber sowie eine übersichtliche Darrstellung der Suchergebnisse.
arbilyst	Toolset for performing static call graph  Analysis on Embedded Binaries for ARM processor.
arbiter	Document based acceptance tester. Similar to FIT in goal. Manages requirements documents in Word or RTF format that are created jointly by customer and developer. Requirements are parsed to extract a glossary and test suite.
arbitrator	arbitrator is a platform that running as many as possible languages core compiler\nas its core.
arbolesb	B# implementation for learning purposes
arbolito	Another Xtree Gold &quot;clone&quot;
arbor	Arbor is a java based Application and Portal framework based on BeanFactory, another project hosted on sourceforge.
arboratrix	Arboratrix is a click-drag-and-drop graphical environment to create and maintain parse trees as XML or as LaTeX.
arboreum	Arboreum is an XML based platform independent genealogy program designed for managing complex genealogical relationships and data sets. Features include import/export of GEDCOM 5.5 formated data and HTML based data navigation.
arborpostgresql	Collection de fonctions pour la gestion d&#039;arbres ( ? intervalles ) sous PostGreSQL pour la cr?ation d&#039;un cours. Ces fonctions seront, par exemple, l&#039;insertion d&#039;?l?ments, de sous-arbres, la modification du contenu d&#039;une partie, d
arbplate	An easy and powerful PHP based template system that allows the seperation of code and design.  This will include some database abstraction, as well as a user authentication system.
arbre	@rbre uses X3D to let people create, visualize, browse and share genealogical data, by using 2D individual icons assembled in 3D family trees. @rbre will include P2P functions for sharing.
arbsramdrv	AR-B1047 SRAM Linux device driver represents SRAM chips installed on the Acrosser AR-B1047 board as a set of files that may be accessed by user application and used for data that must be saved during power loss.
arc42	Resources for Software-Architects
arc88-driver	This is a driver for the SEK&#039;D ARC88 Audio Recording Card. It provides the low level ALSA driver for recording and playing audio up to 8 tracks under Linux with this card.
arca	The Arca project will create an incubator site, where project ideias will be inputed by members and will eventually develop into full scale projects!
arcab	Ever wanted to build your own arcade cabinet, but couldn&#039;t find the resources you need online?  Or, are you just interested a really cool &quot;case mod&quot;?  Then this is for you!  Here, you&#039;ll find the info you need to build your own arcade
arcade	You are about to experience the original sights, sounds, and game play that made these games a classic in the Arcade  every roar and flash is identical to the original  the only difference  the quarters are free!
arcadechat	This software allows to you get all the addresses of all the players who want to play a online multiplayer game or application. With a simple interface players can chat and organize their online multiplayer parties.
arcadecsdb	Arcade-Csdb (C)ommon (S)wing (D)atabound (B)eans for Java
arcadelinux	A Linux distribution with the specific purpose of running MAME on an arcade monitor.  It will be easy to install and set up.
arcademct	This app written in Visual Basic is for counting coin input, and help with performing maintance and setup for computers running arcade software such as MAME. Now helps make controller config files. Visit the main home page for more info.
arcadeworkers	a.m.c. is a project aimed to produce arcade games in functional languages, mainly Ocaml, and to test functional languages possibilities in game programming and in general
arcadia	Lords of Arcadia will aim to be a medium-sized open source RPG. It will provide its users with pleasing graphics and ease of use. Our goal is to achieve a great game that will promote the design of more free, open source software in the gaming world.
arcadian	This is a simple tool for use http rutines in delphi procedures...
arcadiban	Arcadiban is a Java clone of the famous Sokoban game created 1980 by Hiroyuki Imabayashi.
arcal	A fast, light-weight, easy-to-use calculator that can do numeric computations, matrix operations, and also some symbolic calculus.  The calculator has nice short-cuts that allow the user to perform certain types of operations very quickly and efficiently
arcana	Small and medium-size enterprise portal solutions through arcana. E-Commerce, Users &amp; Management, Accounting, Engineering Solutions, Daemon Mangement, and custom portal applet creations.
arcane	Nebula Wars is a remake of the classic arcade game Space Invaders. Nebula Wars will be bringing new features to the game as well as staying true to the old classic.
arcanebase	ArcaneBase is a php based Knowledgebase system used for publishing documents for intranet, extranet, and internet applications. ArcaneBase is built focusing on quickness and relevance of search results.
arcanerealm	An MMORPG using the Multiverse Platform (www.multiverse.net).  This project includes game logic code and art assets.  Note that the Multiverse server libraries itself is NOT open source.
arcangel	ArcAngel is a simple backup utility for programmers comfortable with XML and RegExp. It creates Zip format archives of specified files, with flexible file-selection rules, and pre- and post-backup task execution.
arcbb	ArcBB, a version of SMF (Simple Machines Forum) that has all the latest and greatest mods pre-installed. If you would like to suggest a mod, submit the name and where we can find it via the feature requests form.
arcc	The project claims to develop a reversible cryptography algoritm. It is going to be a multi-layer cryptation, using 3 kind of different algoritms.
arccc	Arc Consistency Crossword Compiler (arccc) uses constraint satisfaction algorithms to fill crossword grids given a wordlist.  The current implementation can fill simple grids in less than a minute.  A word list gleaned from a variety of sources is includ
arcdeveloper	ArcDeveloper.net is a user community centered around the ESRI ArcObjects platform. This project will focus on a set of community utility classes for use with ArcObjects.
arcdigital	Arcdigital (Arc) Family Of Products! arcdigital.org!
arcem	Acorn Archimedes hardware emulator for Unix and RISC OS.
arcflickr	A tool to store and manage the links and id of a user&#039;s flickr photos, using flickr API.
arch4j	Arch4J is a Java architecture framework that provides an infrastructure of services to support enterprise business development. Included are a layered set of modular service providers including data access, messaging, logging, etc.
archaeolog	archaeo.log provides a database-system for documentation and analysis of archaeological excavations and research. Currently the system consists of a PHP-based database-frontend, C-based tachymetre-interface and SQL-database.
archaicrunes	Archaic Runes is a 2D Multiplayer Online RPG engine that uses Windows Sockets in Visual Basic.  Contains a room-based server, a primitive item system, a basic room editor, and begginings of a mob system.
archangel	Archangel is a suite of next-generation tools for the online game Utopia, with novel concepts bringing serious organization to serious kingdoms. Features a client-side program (C++/STL/Windows) and a server-side interface (PHP).
archangele	Archangel Creation Engine will be a unique 2D orpg creation engine.More details to come upon a later date.
archangelinc	ArchAngel INC is a web-based community for developers in some Open Source projects based primarily in Joomla! We are now developing some web applications to use directly with Joomla! systems (custom &amp; automatic installers included).
archbot	A Computer Robot and Chatterbot building Framework, or &quot;Bot Architecture&quot;, that utilizes Visual Basic, XML, MSAgent, SAPI, WSH, OpenCV and MSComm in a Bot building framework for building everything from chatterbots to robots.
archc	ArchC is an open-source architecture description language based on SystemC. Its goal is to provide designers with a tool to evaluate new ideas in processor and ISA design, memory hierarchy, etc. and other aspects of computer architecture research.
archcms	ArchetypeCMS is a very fast, very powerful and very flexible content management system built with the Archetype core architecture as a base. Written in PHP and at the moment supports MySQL data storage (numerous others to come later.)
archcontainer	J2EE Container (latest spec)  . The key differentiator will be that the configuration of the application will be according to standard J2EE Patterns and hooks to take care of exceptional situations.
archeimos	Archeimos is a 2D MMORPG gaming system being developed. It&#039;s goals are to achieve a more &quot;personal&quot; gaming experience then a MUD, through better integration of a plot/theme and by a integrated economical and poltical system.
archelper	The database helper is a set of classes to help accessing database table without writing a single line of SQL code. The exception helper is to help in exception maintenance.
archeproject	ArcheProject - Document Version Control and Project Management using Plone
archer-milter	Archer-Milter , A Sendmail spam filtering solution for system administrators.
archesstra	Java game created with Netbeans for mobiles phones.
archetype	Archetype is a Javascript toolkit for building dynamic web applications with server remoting (aka &quot;AJAX&quot;.)  It provides UI, database, and application components.  It is designed for web developers to quickly build and deploy applications.
archetypes	Framework for the development of new Content Types in Zope/CMF/Plone. Schema driven automatic form generation, simple integration with rich content types, and a lower entry bar to the complex requirements Zope places on new content objects.
archimede	Archimède is an electronic document management system, designed and developed at the library of the Université Laval.
archimedes	After one year without development of the XForms based Unix email client XFMail, the coding has started again. The GTK is supposed to be the toolkit of choice and so we will take XFMail&#039;s core, restructure it, and port it to the Gimp ToolKit.
archinteledi	Portable EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) Converter, Mapping Development System, Small Business Environment and WebServices. That starts from donation of C version by Archintel E.D.I. Objective is the implementation of Java version.
archipex	archiPEx is a connector between hylafax and sidocre. Every time you receive or send a fax, archiPEx convert your fax into pdf format and insert it in sidocre. It support filter (the cid of the sender) and categories (of sidocre)
archit	Knowledge management solution for the field of architecture.
archit-ldap	LDAP User Management interface written in PHP
architect	The GNU/Linux System Architect Toolkit is designed to help speed the process of building of a system from source code.  Architect takes the time consuming tasks of configuring, building, stripping and packaging and automates them with shell scripts.
architector	3D-Architector is a free Grafik-Build software.
architects	Architects is a first-person construction/shooter game based on the Yake engine.
architecturware	A suite of tools and components assisting with model driven software development built upon a modular MDA/MDD generator framework implemented in Java(TM) supporting arbitrary import (design) formats, meta models, and output (code) formats.
architest	ArchiTest aims to help teachers to easily generate written and/or online tests for their students (in PDF, PS, RTF, HTML, etc.). --- ArchiTest ayuda a los profesores a generar exámenes escritos y/o online para sus estudiantes (en PDF, PS, RTF, HTML, etc
archiva	Archiva is a simple desktop application for windows users to annotate, search, and manager files with ease.  It also has a built-in module to create entries for bibliography in customizable formats.
archivador	Script simple que muestra los archivos contenidos en alg?n directorio. Necesita s?lo de PHP.
archivconvert	Arcconvert can convert the following archives: 7-ZIP, LZH, CAB, ZIP, ARJ, ACE, RAR, TAR, TGZ, GZ, Z, BZ2, YZ1, YZ2, GCA, BEL, RPM, DEB, BH, Noa32, HKI, PAQAR,SQX, HA, ZOO, UHARC, LFB, ZLIB, UCL, IMP, RS, SPL, APK, Arc, DZ, MSI, ALZ, PMA
archive-access	Access and manipulation tools, parsers and writers, for web archives stored in Internet Archive ARC files.
archive-crawler	The archive-crawler project is building a flexible, extensible, robust, and scalable web crawler capable of fetching, archiving, and analyzing the full diversity and breadth of internet-accesible content.
archiveaccess	ArchiveAccess is a library for easy access to archives. It provides a C Interface to the 7-Zip archive software. It also demonstrates how to use this C layer for use in other languages with a Delphi example.
archiveexplorer	Archive Explorer is a pure VB program that is capable of showing the contents of different archives and some archives can be extracted. Contents can be shown are: ZIP,GZ,TGZ,TAR,ARC,ARJ,RAR,CAB,LZH,LHA. Contents can be extracted are: ZIP,GZ,TGZ,TAR.
archivepool	The project is an OS independend media cataloger (music, films...), written in Java, which could be extended with extra media systems and databases by plugins. It should use services like the freedb.org project to minimize needed user input.
archiver	A Python based Mail filter for archiving and cataloguing emails to a SQL database
archiverar	Manage rar files in perl.
archivetool	Digital Archive and Retrieval Tool(DART) presents engineers with an easy to use alternative to typical SVN or other CVS type systems. It allows engineers to easily archive data and provides an interface for managing and accessing store information.
archiveviewer	ArchiveViewer is a Java application for displaying history data. It is widely used in the EPICS community as an XML-RPC client. Our goal is to find new customers in the field of scientific research and beyond.
archivexindex	ArchiveXindex is a fast, lightweight java app that indexes files on CDs, DVDs, removable drives, MP3 players, network shares, etc. Locate files on removable media without access to the physical media. Supports image thumbnails for most popular formats.
archiviasms	Tramite quest&#039;applicazione è possibile archiviare gli SMS e la rubrica di un cellulare collegato alla porta seriale del computer. (Please read full description in English)
archivista	Archivista is an entirely webbased DMS and archiving application. The solution is independent of source formats: it turns all documents into image files. Additionally, it contains a PDF server. With it documents can be converted into searchable PDFs.
archivix	A Unix/Linux snapshot archiving tool based on tar. Archivix runs as daemon and can regularly make snapshots of files and directories. This is useful if you want to view and recreate your files from different points in the past.
archivmaster	Archivmaster allows you to backup up all your important data, just by a few klicks you are resistant to any dataloss
archiweb	Archiweb will provide a CMS for managing architecture information and drawings, and viewing projects for selling them. This is a very good CMS for real-estate companies or architicture and blendings companies. It is a ready to install PHPNuke module.
archjava	The ArchJava language adds software architecture constructs to Java, and uses a type system to ensure that the implementation of a system conforms to the intended architecture.
archlinux	Arch Linux is an i686-optimized linux distribution. It is lightweight and contains the latest stable versions of software. Packages are easy to add and customize, and you can rebuild the entire distribution with a single command.
archmage	arCHMage is an extensible reader and decompiler for files in the CHM format. This is the format used by Microsoft HTML Help, and is also known as Compiled HTML. arCHMage is based on python-chm binding to chmlib from GnoCHM project.
archman	Archiving/backup framework written in Python. Uses archiving directives within the file system itself in the form of .archmanrc files; Python modules that specify which files and directories to include.
archmedia	ARCHmedia is a Universal Digital Assets Management System based on J2EE framework.
archonx	DirectX 8.1 interface / engine (2D). Can do as little as creating a window, to providing a robust interface to DirectX, to taking control of resources and data structures. Also comes with development tools.
archopen	ArchOpen is a project aimed at providing a fast, light and free operating system and applications for portable multimedia devices based on TI DM&amp;DSC chips.\nIt currently supports a lot of Archos multimedia devices (Gmini402,AV400,...).
archprox	An http proxy server which archives, caches and indexes all your HTTP traffic.
archrival	Bootable menu driven utilities built around Isolinux and XML driven Windows system supporting NT,95,98,ME,2000,XP,2003 which consolidates applications into one easy to use interface. Designed to be run from a cd/dvd or a network share.
archsim	Simulating a P4 style datapath on a modified version of simplescalar architecture simulator
archsync	ArchSync is an Eclipse plugin whose purpose is to keep architectural level Use Case Map specifications up-to-date semi-automatically using real execution traces from an evolving implementation.
archtea	Archtea is a web application to view and search archives such as zip files using Lucene. Additionally, OpenSearch 1.0 and 1.1 agregator and feeds are supported.
archtoolkit	The project is to build an Architect Tool Kit. The Tool kit is an environment where architect can pick the best practices and checklists for his system and customize it and maintain it. The tool kit environment concentrat
archverse	Archverse is a massively multiplayer web based strategy game, that focuses on Combat, Diplomacy, Economics and Tactics.
arcitey	This project tries to make a small browsergame with a map and ajaxfeatures
arcl	Arcl is portable c++ common library with some useful functions and classes for general c++ programming.
arclib	An abstraction API for simple and familiar access to archives (zip, jar, tar, tar.gz, tar.bz2, and more) as if they were normal directory trees, and the files were normal files.  The API models itself after the POSIX API for directory manipulation and zl
arcmapbook	Mapbook for ArcMap allows generating a map series from a single map composition (many maps, one .mxd). A mapbook can be tiled like USGS or NTS quadrangles, discontinuous (lakes of the Yukon), or in strips (following a road).
arcmaptools	MXDtoAXL, This tool converts ESRI ArcMap views (all layers in the active view) into ESRI ArcIMS AXL configuration files, both for feature and raster layers
arcnet-core	ARCNET network controller core, descriped in VHDL with datasheet, documentation, device drivers, a software testsuite and examples. All based on the PM20100 VHDL-design from Peter M?hlenbrock.
arcos	ARCOS is a real-time component-based platform for Supervision and Control distributed applications. ARCOS provides a flexible, interoperable, and predictable component framework which comprises features for data acquisition, control, and supervision.
arcs	arcs is an application server framework implemented in ANSI-C.
arctek	Web content manager and community system.  Arctek provides a framework for the rapid and flexible development of modules.  It also has a simple yet robust page template system.  News, Polls, Articles, File Manager, Calendar, Mail, and more.
arcticdb	Our database contains scripts (TCL,SCP,SQL) for game servers. It can be used for World of Warcraft and modified for other games. It&#039;s a huge pack of scripts and all authors have their credits in it.
arctracker	A program for playing Tracker and Desktop Tracker modfiles from the Acorn Archimedes on Linux.
arcus	Arcus is a Rubik&#039;s Cube Simulator written in Java featuring 3D display and cube manipulation. Besides conventional solving, getting from any pattern to any goal pattern is supported. Allows the user to bidirectionally walk through the cube&#039;s hi
arcwayback	ARCWayback is a set of utilities to maintain archives (Internet Archive&#039;s ARC format file). Java application connected to database provides access to archive throught url and time and receives all versions from archive.
arcxmlapi	The purpose of this project is to provide a javascript API for users of ESRI&#039;s ArcIMS.  The API will help developers create ArcIMS applications by constructing and deconstructing ArcXML requests and responses.
ard	&quot;Animaonline Remote Desktop&quot; lets the user connect to computers that are running Windows NT 4.0 and later versions, and remote control them. The application uses Microsoft &quot;Remote Desktop Protocol&quot;
ardamud	A new Polish MUD, the first serious engine being written in Ada95. It has the Lua scripting engine built-in for maximum flexibility.
ardat	ARDAT (Automated Requirements Document Analysis Tool) is a Java based stand alone application.  It will perform analysis of requirements documents to aid in the approval/rejection process of HP style project request specifications.
ardato	DBMS, an Object Storage Database in Java
arde	Reporting data definition language in XML and its&#039; reference inplemention(engine). Different kind of file formats, and different kind of databases are supported. User aslo defines the actions in ARDE language, then the ARDE engine generate results.
ardiag	Diagnostic tool for Alfa Romeo cars that are using Bosch Motronic 1.5.5 (and maybe newer) esp. AR 156 TS engines.
are	A text based adventure engine, that any once can develop games for.
area2048	Area 2048 is an abstract Japanese-style omni-directional shooter. Fight through multiple areas to reach the final boss. Comes with multiple difficulty levels and a soundtrack.
area51	A collection of Ant and Eclipse development tools for data modelling and other business procedures mostly related to interoperability.
area51cms	The Area 51 Content management system allows for easy template, plugin, and add-on design. Also incuded is the state of the art web based desktop system where your control panel lies.
areacalc	Area is a small program with which you can calculate the area of any polygon.
areaj	AreaJ is a digital photography web archival application implemented with Apache/mod_perl/MySQL. Its features include associative captioning, online editing, flexible search, full user/security model, thumbnailing, complete user documentation and more.
areaone	The Areaone IRCd is an extensive implementation of the irc protocol, based off of the Twilight IRCd (dreamforge based). Includes Oper host masking, increased serv&lt;-&gt;serv efficiency, improved security, Bahamut-style nicks, some hybrid features, and 
areasteroids	Areasteroids is an educational free software to learn how to calculate the geometric figures area. The original idea was based on the old arcade game Asteroids of Atari.
areath	The Areath project aims to create an easily reusable framework for putting together modernized (but still pleasingly retro) text-based games. Legends of Areath is a full game built using the framework.
areca	Areca Backup is a file backup tool written in java. It supports data compression &amp; encryption, incremental backup, file history explorer and many other features. Areca Backup also includes a transaction mechanism which guarantees your backups&#039; i
arecorlib	Hardware-optimised library for Area correlation algorithm
arel-2006	Tool for Game Masters/Directors of &quot;conventional&quot; (i.e. pen and paper) RPGs to direct on-line games.
arenable	AREnable is a small tool to enable some features in PDF files for the Adobe/Acrobat Reader like commenting, adding notes, etc. It&#039;s written in VB.NET and requires the .NET 2.0 framework. AREnable uses the PDFSharp library.
arenaforum	This project aims to create a new forum engine, based on Simple Machines Forum, but fully rewriten to use Smarty and ADOdb libraries. This system may include some java-based webirc, an Oekaki embed system, and a boosted profile system.
arenainf312	Projeto Arena referente a matéria INF312 do professor Hans (Unicamp). O projeto é um Sistema de Vendas de Bilhetes.
arenaj	ArenaJ is JVM-agnostic tool which implements arena memory allocation via a bytecode-to-bytecode transformation.
arenajme	Arena is intended to a be a multiplayer game developed in Java, using the jMe api.
arenalauncher	ArenaLauncher is a game server browser and launcher for windows. Delevoped for WIN32 in C/C++. Supports Quake3, Battlefield1942, Halflife and the new Quake4. Ability to launch with personal configs, if supported by gametype. #arenalauncher @ quakenet.
arenamaster	.arena is a set of libraries written in javascript and java which provides you the posibility to create dhtml projects easily, it is also useful to learn how far you can go with a lenguaje as javascript.
arenamm	Mega-Man : Arena. Now OPEN SOURCE under the terms of the GPL. This includes CGAME, GAME, AND Q3_UI projects. If you can help with this project please contact sputterfish aka tOaster.
arenarpg	A text based, Internet Relay Chat role playing game.
arenawatcher	ArenaWatcher is a visual client for the programming game CodeWars found under: http://codewars.sourceforge.net/index.php. It&#039;s written in Java, but ey it&#039;s cool.
arenax	It&#039;s a RPG strategy board game, based on hexagons, that each player has his team (group of units) and is able to fight with other players in the same game in the Internet or LAN.
arep	A datawarehouse-portal. Built using PHP. Can show text-reports as well as graphs generated from SQL-queries. Also contains admin. functions. Modules can be used in other projects (database- and form-abstraction). At this time only compat. with Postgresql
arepf	This is a series of programs written in Visual Basic which are being developed to provide reports from the Aleph Library Software. They are developed with the intention of creating a general framework under which other reports can be written easily.
ares-engine	ARES project is a system designed to handle Video game event like LAN party or bigger event like international tournament. ARES comes with plenty of tool designed to make tournament easier and help to broadcast tournament information on different media.
ares2005	Program to code flies by very advance alorithm.
arescrypt	AresCrypt is a crypt program used a new cryptology algorytm.
aresfps	Ares is a FPS (first person shooter) wrote by Mancuso Raffaele. Ares uses irrlicht engine. It has got a level editor to create some personal additional levels. it also have audio
aresgalaxy	Chat/Filesharing p2p client. Network is organized into leaf/supernode topology featuring broacast-type searches. Ares delivers broader search horizon by means of DHT technology.
arespro	Enhanced Ares P2P Client.
arevi	AReVi (virtual reality workshop) is a library designed to simulate autonomous agents in a 3D environment. This API provides services for multi agents systems and 3D graphics.
arex	Auftragsbearbeitung und Rechnungswesen - Client/Server Architektur, MySQL Database, wxWindows GUI, Python Scripting
arftp	Asynchronous Remote FTP client-server, for using your office high bandwith from home!
arfy	A Room For You allows users to book rooms that are free. Administrators define a timetable for the rooms and users can fill in the empty slots with their bookings.
argante	Secure, effective and universal Virtual Operating System implementation; completely new VM design; simple but powerful rIPC mechanisms - see http://argante.sourceforge.net/advocacy.txt for more information.
argaut-xdbaudit	Argaut XDBAudit 1.8.3 scans corporate networks for Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server databases, collecting usage statistics and license related inventory audit information, including infrastructural metadata relating to capacity and performance metrics.
argeebee	Argeebee is a game of lights and mirrors, filters and prisms. It is a puzzle game with absolutely no time pressure. It is written in C# and requires the Mono run-time to execute.
argenplayer	ArgenPlayer es un reproductor de mp3, ogg y wma programado en Delphi cuyo objetivo es ser lo más simple y amigable para el usuario final.\nArgenPlayer is a audio player programming with Delphi. The Objetive is the facility and amigability for end-user.
argentium	Argentium is a web based in the distribution on the game Argentum Online; FREE 2D MMORPG. (http://www.sourceforge.net/proyects/morgoao)\nArgentium es una web basada en la distribucion de el juego Argentum Online (AO).
argentos	ARGENT-OS is an Unix-like operating system based on a microkernel architecture. It&#039;s born to be used for educational purposes; Its name derives from argentinian operating System.
argh	A set of XML specifcations for game-related metadata, an API, and a collection of associated tools for managing data. This is to serve as a reusable infrastructure for creating game frontends able to deal with large numbers of games (such as MAME).
arghcom	Argh is an open source multi-protocol instant messenger for Windows. Our main goal is to make it very simple and light, but flexible and extensible.
arghelper	A library for handling C/C++ function arguments in an extendable way (though tag lists)
arghwxhaskell	An interpreter for the Argh! esoteric programming language in wxHaskell. The program allows one to load, edit, save, validate and run Argh! programs. It currently supports all commands except &#039;e&#039; and &#039;E&#039;. Documented using Haddock.
argil	Argil Framework - Web 2.0 Potter&#039;s Clay - provides a framework for rapidly building web 2.0 applications in PHP 5.
argirc	ARGIrc is an easy to use C++ IRC framework. To use it you inherit the framework class and override the handlers you wish to use. Features include automatically keeping track of your nickname and what channels your currently in.
argjaba	JABA (Java Architecture for Bytecode Analysis) is an extensible Java API that supports (1) research efforts in developing program-analysis techniques for Java, and (2) the development of program-analysis-based software-engineering tools for Java.
argo-sdl	A clone of Aargon game, rewritten from scratch, based on SDL. You need to set mirrors to make lasers pass through all coins.
argo2ecore	Argo2Ecore converts UML models created with ArgoUML (www.argouml.org) to the Eclipse UML dialect Ecore (see www.eclipse.org/emf). It allows users to create graphical UML models using ArgoUML and then use the EMF codegenerator to generate java code
argolog	ArgoLog is an Amateur Radio Logging Engine. What this means is that in its fundamental form, it is a QSO logging program written in Java. It can also be a Amateur Radio contesting program based on a set of scripts that the program will use.
argon-irc	argon is a script for those people that know their IRC, no &#039;cute&#039; things like funny popups, its a real script, with many functions and /commands, virtually no dialogs, just like a classic console script
argon-lite	Argon Lite is an environment for simple convergent prepaid and postpaid billing of multiple products and services. It supports both real time and batch billing for products involving voice, messaging and data.
argon-ps2	Designed for the Sony Playstation 2, Argon, allows you to play multimedia files like XVID, DivX, and MP3. It is based off of the Simple Media Player (SMS) and offers an interface similar to that of the Playstation 3/PSP.
argonnews	Blargon is the first project that has been rewritten from the ground up to comply with the Japha 2.0.0 API. It has been updated to adhere to the MVC standards that are expected by a small scale, enterprise quality application.
argonwin	ARGonWin - Automatic retrosynthesis generator on (X)Windows: COMPUTERASSISTED ORGANIC SYNTHESIS / Chemoinformatics package to propose a chemical synthesis for an organic compound given its structural formula. (C++ XWindows/MSWindows). Based on OpenBabel.
argopt	This project grew out of frustration with getopt(3). argopt(3) are therefore presented as an alternative to getopt(3), that I would like to make available for other software developers.
argos	Argos is a modular plateform project dedicated to distance learning for secondary schools teachers.  It was developed in the province of Bordeaux (France).  It allows them to publish courses on the web using an easy-to-use interface.
argos-viewpoint	The aim of Argos viewpoints server project is to propose a new standard protocol for community-driven organizations of knowledge, and make the collaboration possible beyond the boundaries of the software and of the resulting communities.
argosamp	ArgosAmp is a cross-platform music player based on Eclipse RCP. It aims to provide comprehensive features like album cover image display via Amazon web service, personal playlist/album management, rating system and so on.
argosboard	ArgosBoard intends to be customizable web-based bulletin board system with full i18n and template support which can be easily integrated with other J2EE web applications.  It leverages opensource technologies like Struts, Hibernate, Xdoclet, and etc.
argosfields	ArgosFields is a Java/SWT port of famous turn-based stategy game Crimson Fields(http://crimson.seul.org/). Unlike the original game, it will provide full network support, but lack AI opponent(for now at least).
argosmule	ArgosMule is an eMule clone written on top of the Eclipse Rich Client Platform(http://www.eclipsepowered.org).
argouml	ArgoUML is hosted at http://www.argouml.org, please go there for all file releases and resources. Thanks!
argox-pt	A project aimed to support proprietary Argox Portable Terminals (PT-10 &amp; PT-12) under Linux.
argrim	Les mondes d&#039;Argrim is a MMORPG project based on OpenGL API and SDL library.
args4j	&lt;span style=&quot;font-weight:bold; font-size:3em; color:red&quot;&gt; This project has moved to &lt;a href=&quot;https://args4j.devj.java.net/&quot;&gt;java.net&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
argtable	Argtable is an ANSI C library for parsing GNU style command line arguments.
argumentative	Argumentative assists with creating Argument Maps. Argument Mapping allows you to show the structure of an argument. Argumentative reads re3 files (Reason!able) and its own XML format(AXL). Argumentative exports to MS Word, PowerPoint &amp; bitmap files.
argunet	Argunet is a client-server software for computer-supported argument visualization (CSAV). Reconstructed debates are visualized as argument maps and can be shared through the Argunet Server.
argus	Argus is an Open Source, free for non-commercial use, full-featured FTN mailer designed to work as a multi-line system using two widely used data exchange transports - Dial-up networking and TCP/IP - simultaneously
argus-socket	Argus socket is a generic C++ library which support Win32, Linux2.4 and Linux2.6. Design goal is easy use and high performance.
argus-tracker	Argus is an issue tracking system that bridges developers with their users. It was developed to be simple enough for non-technical users while still being powerful enough for developers to manage issues for all of their applications.
argus3d	A small stereo vision library.
arguscodewatch	Argus is a highly integrated Eclipse plug-in. The purpose of this plug-in is to add additional Errors and Warnings to the Eclipse Framework, assisting Java programmers to create bug free, high quality code.
argusfs	argusfs is an intelligent file system monitoring tool that measures the velocity of used blocks and inodes in a given period along with watermark information.
argusjmx	Argus is a JMX browser and instrument panel viewer designed for the Argos project. Argus is however a generic JMX browser and will work with all JMX enabled systems.
arguvision	ARGUVISION - an enterprise class video surveillance system. ARGUVISION is based on distributed Linux or Unix cluster architecture, with up to 1000 cameras per single cluster with aggregation capability and instant access to recorded or live video
argyle	Install a single Swing or SWT client and run numerous server-side applications. Argyle is a Java framework for controlling a rich client from a central server. Uses DualRpcServer and BeanShell. See home page at www.retrogui.com
arh-gpl-auction	We hope to expand on the popular EveryAuction software to add finance, feedback, style-sheeting and many more addons provided by the EverySoft community. We welcome developers who can help make this software more secure and user-friendly.
arhb	Hive is a reverse proxy server that passes requests from client browsers to a cluster of back-end web servers. It communicates with its monitoring programs residing on each back-end server to achieve precise load-balancing.
arhive	This is a simple command line tool, which will solve the problem of full mailboxes with stuff you don&#039;t want to lose. It fetches all the mail from any POP3 mailbox account and generates a searchable HTML archive on your local harddrive. OS: Unix/Lin
ari	This project develops add-on-tools, viewers and plugins for the Windows Networking tool AdvancedRemoteInfo from MasterBootRecord.de
ari-yahoo	Ari&#039;s Yahoo Client is a compact, easy-to-use, text-based client for Yahoo! Messenger, based on yahoolib as distributed with GTKYahoo.
aria-rpm	This project provides Fedora and Mandrake RPM packages for Aria. Aria is GTK download manager supporting HTTP/FTP protocol with multilanguage interface.
aria2	Yet another utility for downloading files. It has segmented downloading engine in its core, and downloads one file from multiple URLs much faster than ordinary web browsers. aria2 currently supports HTTP, FTP and BitTorrent.
ariadne	Soft-realtime operating system, based in a microkernel design and providing QoS and persistence capabilities.
ariadnekps	The ARIADNE Knowledge Pool System is a European distributed learning object repository for multicultural/multilingual teachers and learners. ARIADNE aims to foster the share and reuse of Learning Objects, both by universities and corporations.
ariamaestosa	Aria Maestosa is a midi tracker/editor. It lets you compose, edit and play midi files with a few clicks in a user-friendly interface offering keyboard, guitar, drum and controller views.
arianne	Arianne is a multiplayer online engine to develop turn based and real time games providing a simple way of creating the game server rules and clients like Stendhal. Marauroa, our server, uses Java and MySQL for hosting hundreds of players on a solo host.
arias	ARIA (Accounting, Receiving and Inventory Administration) is a web based accounting and inventory managment package based off the NOLA project. ARIA aim&#039;s to be platform and browser independent with multi-language support.
arid	Alpha roguelike game development framework.
aridb	The Alcohol Research Intregrator: An open-source analysis suite and web-based database tool for microarray data storage and meta-analysis.
ariel	Ariel is intended for massively parallel simulations of biological neural networks.
arielbot	ArielBOT is a simple and compact IRCBOT written in perl, expandable using the PERL language.
arielcluster	ArielCLUSTER is a very tiny implementation of PVM architecture, written in perl.
aries	Propus is a properties file editor, editing each locale in a table.
ariesbot	Ariesbot, is an ircbot, which will be able of doing basic bot functions such as op/deop/kick/ban/moderate. Plus being able to Wu-Ftpd scans, cgi/php scans port scans, subnet scans and scan for vuln version of apache to nosejob.c.
arihuaopen	Arihuaopen is an Open Source Content Management System designed for small medium sized enterprises. Multilanguage, portable, written in PHP + mySQL with Ajax support.
arimaa	A turn-based chess-like strategic game, designed to be difficult for computers, playable with standard chess set; funny and interesting for humans.
arinuke	Hybrid esta optimizado para cargarse mucho m?s r?pido. PHPNuke Hybrid tiene mejorado el apartado grafico de todos los m?dulos, mas hacks que incrementan el potencial de PHPNuke Of, y actualizado periodicamente.
arisa	ARISA is a multi-thread XDCC Bot intended to provide multiplicity of all functionality, e.g. multiple packlists, multiple queues.  It also supports scripting in Perl.
arise	A runtime inspection/scripting environment.  Smalltalk-like Swing GUI for scripting engines and object inspection. Works on remote containers (EJB/Servlets) and of course locally.  General BSF supported, comes with the Lisp-syntaxed language piji.
arishka	Just another &quot;file commander&quot;. Work for purpose to suit the most common shell working interface.
arista	Image/Artwork focussed Content Management System. This will be the base software for the VCL Image Gallery, but will be made available for public use under the GPL
aristoteles3d	The AristotelesViewer, a Java3D based 3D-Viewer for GML 3.x conforming data
aristotle	Aristotle is an active training simulation that is capable of dynamically and adaptively training any subject in any language using the learners own personality traits and learning modality. This project is currently being developed in PHP/MySQL.
arithopwbit	The project implement arithmetics operations like addition, substraction, ..., with only boolean manipulation and no restriction of data length.\nThen, it demonstrate Side channel attacks &amp; mathematics attacks against the crypto-system RSA.
aritsa	This is SMS Polling application using gambas. Its really powerfull using gnokii (CPE mode). Polling result in graphic bar and percentage.
arius	This is a good rpg which is made by us.
ariweb	ARIWeb is a web-based search engine for the free software AdvancedRemoteInfo (http://masterbootrecord.de/).
ariza	ARIZA is a bug/request tracking tool coded with PHP in an AJAX approach. It works with favorite DBMS such as PostgreSQL and MySQL. It is being distributed under GPL licence. It is free (as in beer) and free (as in speech) and open source.
arj	A portable version of the ARJ archiver, available for a growing number of DOS-like and UNIX-like platforms on a variety of architectures.
arjava	Implementation of ActiveRecord in Java
arjuna	Arjuna is a modular, expandable solution to access floppy disks from many different systems. It supports the Catweasel Controller to read and write formats not compatible with the standard PC controller. Arjuna is written in C++ and uses Qt for it&#039;s
ark	The Arusha Project seeks to provide a framework and/or tools for collaborative system administration of multi-platform Unix sites with many dozens of machines.
ark3d	Ark3D will be a parametric solid modeler using the OpenCascade solid modeling engine.
ark7	A more advanced attempt at building a RPG game with free tools and python/pygame as inspired by a www.gamedev.net article. Mainly based on Breath of Fire 2 and Final Fantasy I.
arkade	Arkade is an arcade system that uses a flat file database to store information. All games are called by the &quot;id&quot; number in the URL.
arkadianalysis	Description and detailed explanation on Fourier Transform, some FFT, LPC etc. Runable project demonstrates DCT transform on continuous audio, show and edit audio source with different zooming and view.
arkadios	Arkadios is an open source project (under GPL / LGPL) that tries to create a largely Delphi compatible managed compiler for the Mono / .NET platform.
arkalaga	This game is a clone mix: it mixes the best of Arkanoid and Galaga, so, welcome to Arkalaga!
arkana-fts	Arkana - Fight to survive (FTS) is a 3D real time strategy game, that is similar to (but not a clone of) Warcraft 3, AOE 3, EE, ... There will be a campaing, a single player and a multiplayer mode. See the website for more details.
arkania	Arkãnia es un grupo de desarrolladores, dedicados a la creación de proyectos para IRC, VídeoJuegos RPG, Traducciones entre otros, más info ver http://arkania.sourceforge.net
arkanoidpp	This is an open source clone of the well-known arcade game breakout(arkanoid). It is made in C++ (Dev-C++) with OpenGL. This software is meant to be competetive to shareware clones. It includes many features, like flaming balls and profiles.
arkaplan	Arkplan is a software for manage wallpaper in Windows. It use image files in its own folders. Users can enabled/disabled folders and images in this software. In future we will add screen sever module.
arkdb	Ark (Archaeological Recording Kit) is a toolkit for collection, storage and dissemination of archaeological data. It has been developed by L - P : Archaeology to aid site directors to build their own customised archaeological recording system.
arkhamrpg	Arkham is a project of a MMORPG, developped in C++ and using OpenGL. It is mainly inspired by the art of HP Lovecraft. See links for more details.
arkidb	Arki-DB is a database driven upload &amp; download file manager with a simple setup and installation. Arki-DB offers a lightweight flexible solution for managing files, text, images and more!
arkon	Arkon simulates a universe of interacting entities. It is an experiment with learning experience as its grand goal. The development path is strictly dynamic, starting as a starship simulation with eyes on the possibility of battles among AI-piloted ships
arksnd	A comprehensive sound streaming library which takes most of the realtime programming headaches out of audio programming.
arksndkit	Cocoa framework to simplify opening and editing AudioUnits
arktosfms	Arktos FMS simplifies chapter management for college Greek organizations.
arkwinrestgui	This is an open source project to create a GUI interface for the command line tools offered by the commercial Backup tool Arkeia Network Backup.  Specifically we will address thr need for a GUI when restoring MSSQL,  MySQL,  and MSExchange on MS Windows.
arkworld	ArkWorld is a  multi-player, free-form roleplay game system. The server uses XML for it&#039;s configuration and game description, and is written in C and C++ for Linux (and other un*x?). The clients are currently being written in GAMBAS and Visual Basic
arkyve	Arkyve is a command line Linux backup program that behaves a bit differently than most - It&#039;s designed to stream data to all configured (decks, partitions, DVD&#039;s) in parallel, rather than sequentially, minimizing the backup time window.
arlekin	This is a very powerfull criptography project that basicaly can be used to transmit or store secure data and study some cipher, hash and compression algorithms to understands how it works.
arlinux	arlinux is a mini-linux (floppy) distro for Recovery o Router/Firewall purpose. Realname is Advanced (Router/Recovery) Linux
arlisy	Arlisy stands for artificial life synthesizer. It uses artificial neural networks and an evolutionary algorithm to simulate the process of life.
arls	Artificial Life Simulator is a program written for the purpose of creating realistic 3d warriors arrayed in combat. The &quot;warriors&quot; are capable of &quot;thinking&quot; with their &quot;brains&quot;. The &quot;brains&quot; are made up of thought 
arm	Advanced RPG Maker is a console based rpg game creator for simple creation of your own games. The games created can easily be distributed along with the engine executable.
arm-dis	Arm-dis is a simple disassembler for BFLT(flat format arm elf format running under unclinux). It can be used to watch the header of the file,watch and modify the asm-code.
arm-emu	arm-emu is an ARM cpu emulator. The current version aims to match the ARM926EJ-S architecture and some peripherals present in Freescale&#039;s MC9328MX21.
arm-mingw	ARM-GCC is An MinGW32 cross compiler for User Develop ucOS2/Linux with elf format.
arm-std-mpk	This is the software for distance dimentions system.
arm0nia	arm0nia is a group of projects that will create the next generation linux desktop.
arm4	An implementation of the Open Group&#039;s Application Response Measurement (ARM) Version 4 standard. The ARM standard describes a means of breaking an application down into it&#039;s constituent transactions, and measuring response time across multiple 
arm7eval	Focus of this project is the development of an microcontroller/FPGA evaluation board. \nBasic characteristics as given below:\n- Philips LPC 22xx controller\n- additional FPGA, Xilinx Spartan\n- SD-Card interface for booting\n- additional IO-interfaces
armabell	ArmaBell is Armagetron&#039;s Win32 Live-Monitor and Event-Manager
armada	Armada is a FREE clone of WolrdCraft(c)/Hammer(c) destined for the RLife engine of PANDORA Studio.
armada2modscont	Here you can download templates for gaming sites and download modifications.
armadeus	Armadeus is an Open Source Hardware and Software project based on an ARM9 core (Freescale i.MX) and the Linux OS. Its main goal is to allow &quot;home&quot; developers to quickly write embedded software applications and to easily create new custom boards
armagedon	An encrypted chat system
armagetron	Armagetron is a simple action game modeled after the lightcycle sequence of the movie Tron with main focus lies on the multiplayer mode. Armagetron is now obsolete, users should upgrade to Armagetron Advanced.
armagetronad	Another version of the simple action game modeled after the lightcycle sequence of the movie Tron.
armalyte	Commodore 64 emulator in Python.
armandch	PHP Astrolog Shell is a project using PHP writen web interface as an frontend of the astrology software &quot;Astrolog&quot;. It&#039;s goal is to provide a web interface for Astrolog to be operated via internet. It uses Astrolog as the engine and netpbm
armboot	ARMboot is an Open-Source firmware suite for ARM based platforms. ARMboot is heavily based on the sister-project PPCboot, which provides similar functionality on PowerPC based systems. ARMboot shall be a common, easy-to-use and easy-to-port boot platform
armcontrol	A java/swt application that can control up to a six axis robotic arm using common serial servo controllers.  The application can be run in client/server mode to enable the robot to remain in a static, wired location while controlled by a wifi laptop.
armdatatools	The purpose of this project is to develop and distribute data analysis and data visualization software tools.  The software will primarily support data files generated by the Department of Energy&#039;s Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) program.
armdesk	Armenian KDE and other Desktop Applications
armed	Armed Conflict: A browser-based MMORTS that is not afraid to break the mold!
armedassault	Armed Assault is a first person shooter being developed in the Irrlicht C++ engine.
armelot	Armelot is an OS for arm based cpus. It&#039;s specifically designed for Philips LPC2129 microprocessor (and supports its peripherals) but it has a modular core and is portable across arm V4 platforms.
armi	Fast, compact, asynchronous Java remote method invocation system.  Alternative to Java RMI.  Pronounced &quot;army&quot;.  Use it when you would use RMI, but you want to go over a modem connection, or if you need asynchronous invocation and return value 
armic	The purpose of this project is to create software to allow mobile ham radio operators to connect to the internet durring spotting and other Public Emergencies.
armidale	Armidale is a set of Java programs and libraries used to radically simplify the development, deployment and use of web applications which have rich graphical user interfaces.
armiger	Armiger is CVS server (100% pure Java application) . Armiger is Control Version System Server (CVS Server) implements in java language.  It can plugin Ant (jakarta subproject) like cvs client and cvs server.
armlinux	Porting of linux kernel to ARM920T  AT91RM9200.
armlinuxgcc	Toolchain x86-linux for building ARM-linux executable.
armodule	Provide the design infomation of the embedded system modules and related linux drivers which can be use with embedded RISC processor, like ARM, MIPS, ARCA, etc. The modules ranges from the ethernet, the super-io, the storage, the display and others.
armoury	The Algorithmic Armoury will provide a set of libraries and tools that assist competing in certain Internet programming contests. Initially targeted are the TopCoder and ICFP contests.
armphetamine	This project aims to create an ARM processor emulator for Linux/x86, utilising dynamic binary translation techniques for maximum speed.
armpit	A scheme (lisp) interpreter written in assembly language for NXP (Philips) LPC2000 and Atmel AT91SAM7 ARM core microcontrollers (ARM7TDMI) for education, robotics and wearable devices -- tested on boards with LPC-2106,31,38,48, 2214 and AT91SAM7S256 MCUs
armr	ARMR provides a data model for the creation and manipulation of dynamic, persistent data objects. Use the set logic algorithms in ARMR to create a lightning-fast application.
arms	Written in C++ with an OO design, designed to provide great flexibility for the designer to create advanced and living worlds. With an online building system. The goal for the client is to be a fast, stable and feature rich system. All this for your game
arms-waot	A extensible/flexible access right control component
armsim	A gui wrapper to skyeye
armspell	This project aims to create Armenian dictionaries for GNU Aspell and MySpell. Outputs of this project will be submitted to the upstream projects, GNU Aspell and MySpell.
armstrong	Armstrong is an integrated package for developing web applications in the python web-framework Django.
armtomips	Senior project to create an ARM binary to MIPS binary translator
armutils	Standard UNIX commands for ARM/Linux written in assembly language using gas.
armygame	Army Game is a free war game.
armygenereal	Army Generals is web-based real time strategy.
armyofone	ArmyOfOne - Socialist project to create free social networking web tools including blog, photo gallery, calendar, books, quotes, groups/pods, tagging, dynamic multi-lingual content so people can collaborate via the web.
arnacaw	Arnacaw Online is an open source 2D MMORPG that strives to be the best available. A traditional MMORPG with many extensions, features planned include dynamic player-built worlds, a stock market, auctions, and a player-driven glyph-based spell system.
arnmusicmanager	The aim of the project is to implement a funny SDL-based user interface for mpg123, mkisofs, cdrecord, lame and other very powerfull command-line based tools. Feel Free to see your music on your TV
arnold	A new Web Crawler including sophisticated searching process especialized by language !
arogya	Project Arogya is a venture to build an open source, enterprise solution for health-care management. The project comprises of three independent but integrated  modules for Doctors and medical practitioners, Hospitals, and Medical shop owners.
arohadictionary	Japanese-English dictionary, based on the Edict and KanjiDic files, for learners of Japanese. It has several useful kanji search features, as well as saved lists.
aros	The Amiga(TM) Research OS (AROS) is an effort to implement an Open Source and portable operating system that is compatible with AmigaOS(TM) 3.1. Originally, it was meant as a direct reimplementation, but currently has features not existing in AmigaOS(TM)
aros-games	Ports of existing open source games to AROS.
arosgcj	This will be a port of the GCJ (http://gcc.gnu.org/java/) java compiler and runtime for the AROS (www.aros.org) operating system. It will include SwingWT (http://swingwt.sourceforge.net/) and SWT (http://www.eclipse.org/swt/) as gui components.
aroundme	&#039;aroundme&#039;, Barnraisers social networking and group collaboration software. This project has moved to savannah https://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/aroundme/
arpassess	Monitor and log all ARP traffic on a switched network, organized into html output with ARP spoof detection, network scan detection and misconfigured network device detection.  NOTE: this project is currently not usable.
arpdaddy	A set of simple shell scripts to query (via SNMP) any router in an enterprise network for a list of active ARP cache entries.  These entries are then merged into a host table with timestamp of last seen entry.
arpdig	ARP digger for multi-interface network neighbours
arpi	ARPI is a spanish acronym for Analysis, Acknowledgement and Image Procesing. Allowing a person with poor programming knowledge to create algorithms, configure theirs parameters(images, matrixes, etc) and run them, using a computer or network computers.
arpix	Arpix is a project to create a library for archiving and compression (LibGarp), and a frontend for it (GnomeZip).
arplogd	arplogd is a portable daemon which passively listens for live network traffic and makes decisions on hosts activity by maintaining a real-time list. It is primarily developed and tested under Linux, but also expected to compile cleanly on Win32 with WinP
arpm	Arpm is a handy tool for managing rpm packages on RedHat-based systems. Requires yum installed.
arpmats	ARPMATS is a Systems Administration tool which keeps your computer&#039;s software up to date depending on which cfengine classes it&#039;s in, and also ensures that your network interfaces are set up as specified.
arpmbuilder	RPM Builder plugin for Anjuta (Gnome 2 version).
arpoison	A program to send custom ARP packets.
arprelease	Small libnet-based tool to flush arp cache entries from devices like Cisco routers to move an IP from one Linux box to another.
arprobe	Simple network analyzer - ping over network and make report.
arps	A RPG (Role Playing Game) design system with game engine.  Will be extensible through Javascript or XML
arpsite	WWW XML+XSLT Content management system on J2SE with Tomcat and SQL-92 compatiblity database (like free MySQL or Oracle). Supports many sites, many groups, many users. XML-definition of content types, security system. Created with Apache Avalon.
arpskill	arpskill is a suite of techniques useful for vulnerabilities assessments involved with ARP protocol.
arpsnoop	A debug tool for switch-based ethernet. Based on arpspoof skill, this project will build a GUI based snoop tool showing packets contents. The target platform is Linux.
arpspoof	Upgrade open-source arpspoof to support IPv6 and platform independent
arpstar	ArpStar is a Loadable Kernel Module which Detects and Defeats all ARP poisoning attacks.
arptk	arptk is a collection of small tools to access and manipulate arp information.
arqlib	arqlib is a Java library that enables network communication with the Audio ReQuest (ARQ) home stereo MP3 player.  This project is also the current home of JRemote and clremote, two remote control utilities for the ARQ that are based on arqlib.
arrakis	OpenRTS is an open source realtime strategy game. It features isometric graphics, networked multiplayer and single-player scenarios. The game is being developed using Python and SDL. The game runs on at least Linux, Windows and Mac.
arran4	Collection of libraries and various small applications.
arrange	DB front end that provides an alternative to Microsoft Access and others, using PHP and HTML with a postgresql/mysql backend. Graphical interface is fully configurable using a GUI, and modified just as easily.
arrange-rowing	This application should ease the process of arrangement a team for rowing.
array-each	Iterate over one or more arrays, returning one or more elements from each array.
array-info	array-info is a tool to retrieve informations and logical drives status from several RAID controllers (currently Compaq IDA and CISS, and MD).
array-sort	This PHP class sorts multidimensional arrays by multiple columns. Sorting works ascending as well as descending. There is no limit to either the dimensions of the array or the columns it&#039;s sorted by. Users only have to provide the array and a sort s
array2net	Array2Net is a tool for visualizing gene co-expression network of expression profiling data.
array30	Array 30 is one of the most popular Chinese input methods.
arraybot	Array bot is a in php written IRC BOT, possible to run on a few webspaces, with many features, like user managment and fun scripts
arraydebugview	The ArrayDebugView-Add-In extends Visual Studio and adds graphical view capabilities to the debugger. You can plot the data from any array by specifying a pointer expression and a length. Features: Zoom-function, a cursor, saving to a file.
arrayexpress	ArrayExpress -- a public repository for microarray gene expression data at the EBI.
arrayfusion	ArrayFusion recognizes CGH, cDNA and oligonuleotide microarray data from a variety of platforms, and generate converted formats which can be observed and evaluated in several genome browsers.
arrayoligosel	ArrayOligoSelector (AOS) systematically designs gene specific long oligo probes for entire genomes. The program optimizes the oligo selections for several parameters, including uniqueness in the genome, internal repeats, self-binding, and GC content.
arrayplex	ArrayPlex integrates various forms of microarray data from diverse annotation and primary data sources. It provides a programmatic framework (API set) for collaborative development and deploys as easy to maintain client-server architecture.
arrgh	Open Source Game Engine Development Framework
arrim	Arrim controls Acrobat Reader via DDE. Using command line arguments, it can open and close documents in the Reader. This solves the problem of Acrobat&#039;s file-locking during LaTeX-development.
arrow	Arrow provides an elegant, powerful interface to electronic mail.
arrow-btsp	A heuristic implementation for solving the Bottleneck Traveling Salesman Problem (BTSP) and related problems, such as the Maximum Scatter Traveling Salesman Problem (MSTSP).
arrowheadasp	The ArrowHead ASP Server is an 100% Java ASP Servlet supporting the VBScript programming language. It runs as a Java Servlet under an existing Java Servlet engine.
arrowmatcher	Arrowmatcher is a tool for crossbow archers. This ballistic program can calculate the speed, kinetic energy and the trajectory of an arrow (or bullet), and then use these values to calibrate the lead points of a crossbow&#039;s telescopic sight
arrows	Arrows is a Rhythm &amp; Beat game based on KONAMI&#039;s &quot;Dance Dance Revolution&quot;. A Rhythm &amp; Beat game generally is a game which the main idea of the game is to use the rhythm and beat to be play it well, and thus score well.
arroyo	A lightweight XML messaging framework, (pure java). Provides validation, transformation, persistence, (file-based, jms, database) and routing. Adapters and transports (jms, EJB, http, SMTP, file-based, database), provide connectivity to system endpoints.
arrsync	A Mac OS X graphical front end for the utility rsync.
ars	ARS (Automagic Registration System) is a mature computer registration suite, that allows network/system admins to setup appliances to control access to the network based on arbitrary registration criteria (such as centralized identity).
ars-framework	This frame work provides a scene graph to manage real objects and virtual objects in augmented reality(AR) environment. Not it provides support for scene graph manage, photorealism rendering, device abstract and collaboration, gives convenience for rapid
ars-testbench	This is the Ars TestBench 2.0 designed for evaluating various apsect of system performance created by members of ArsTechinca Open Forum.
ars4sdlnft	The Ars4SdlnFt is a general purpose library framework working with SDL, SDL_mixer, SDL_Image and Freetype. It is the result of my furstration facing the &quot;Why do you want to make it easy if you can do it difficult, hard, intricate and complicated&quo
arsautomation	Automation wrapper for the Remedy AR System C API updated to version 6.x
arsc	ARSC is a webchat system that uses PHP and MySQL and allows comfortable chatting with every browser on the surface of this planet, using JavaScript, frames HTML streaming for modern browsers down to a one-page reload-yourself version for text browsers.
arscel	Ars Celestia is a turn-based 4x (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit and eXterminate) web-based strategy game.
arschloch3d	Arschloch3D is a famous card came with usually 4 Players, AKA &quot;Master&quot;. Despite the funny name, it&#039;s really a great game with simple rules but a lot of fun. This is my first implementaion with 3 different AI-Players and a nice 3D-Interface
arsclientje	The goal of the ARS Client/Java(tm) Edition project is to provide a 100% pure-Java implementation of the AR System User, Administrator and Alert (Notifier) clients to the Remedy Action Request System platform using the Swing GUI toolkit.
arsdevtoolkit	The AR System Developer&#039;s Toolkit has been designed to ease many of the functions of AR Admins and developers alike. ARSPerl-based packages allow for the export and import of data and workflow definitions to and from the server.
arsdoc	ARSdoc is an ARSperl script for documenting a Remedy ARS server as a set of interlinked web pages.
arsenal-1	Real-Time Collaboration (RTC) and conferencing project. This product has been deprecated. Please see the replacement product, CoolCollaborator, at http://coolcollaboratr.sourceforge.net/
arsenic	A strategic war game using the sge (strategic game engine) similar to co*co.
arsenickisscmd	this is my first major java project. it started as a joke program to simulate the windows cmd.exe program, but then i got bored and decided to go a step father and make it so i can open files and stuff. now i am working on makeing a better cmd.exe progra
arsenolite	A winamp visualization plugin that uses Shockwave Flash; Great if you know Actionscript and not C++.
arsfree	ARSFREE is a full featured ITIL/ITSM suite of integrated applications.  These products are intended to be a free replacement of the current OTB ITIL/ITSM applications.
arshifi	The purpose of this program is to provide basic DMS functions, with a plan to be developed further. The main difference is in the interface design which uses the concept of &quot;tag clouds&quot; makes the finding of required files quite easy.
arslab	arsLab is written in PHP with MySQL and is a set of scripts with SQL back end that allow self-registration to labs or other pre-sechduled events.
arsmachina	Ars Machina is a well-designed, tested and documented 3D engine for use in games and demos.
arsobjhistory	Remedy workflow definition history of ARSystem workflow objects changed through admin related operations.  Retains a running history of all object definitions in a Remedy form.
arson	A KDE frontend to CD burning, and CD ripping tools, as well as encoders, decoders, and other audio tools. Currently supports many popular audio formats (decoding/burning, and ripping/encoding), as well as data burning, and basic image creation.
arsperfmgmt	Provide a set of utilities and classes that can be used by AR System Administrators to process and analyze the log files produce by the Action Request System application server.  The goal will be to provide an easier way to optimize performance.
arsperl	ARSperl is an integration kit for Perl5 and Remedy ARSystem API. It provides a large subset of the functionality found in the ARS C API
arsplugins	Useful plugins for Remedy Action Request System
art	ART is a lightweight, multiplatform web based query tool and reporting environment. Scalable and easy to use, SQL queries can be published in a few minutes. Supports tabular, crosstab, charts, scheduling; data exportable to spreadsheet and pdf. 100% Java
art-data	Ad-Hoc Reporting Tool for Data (ART-data).  Multithreaded Collector based Data Collection and analysis frame work.  Many Collectors recieve data from Many sources to feed one engine, which analyzes and digests data into human readable GUI Charts &amp; ta
art-life	An enhanced version of the popular Cellular Automata, Artificial Life (art-life) will simulate life forms within colonies and rules for growth and survival amidst competition with other life forms. Genetic coded species will be evolved to compete &amp; g
art-linux	Advanced Real-Time Linux (ART-Linux) is a hard real-time kernel developed with robotics applications in mind. Real-Time is accessible from user level and does not require special device drivers. 10 micro-second periodic execution is possible on a PII
art-quizer	Program that will quiz the user based on the facts associated with the picture that was randomly displayed.
art0	Be art0. Artists, muses, critics, publishers and friends, all mixed together. Talk with them, watch them talking, creating, moving, making friends.
art23firebird	This project is a fork of the sourceforge.net project artikel23. The target of this is to migrate the postgres database environment to the open source rdbm firebird
artamis	ARTAMIS (A real time advanced Manufacturing Information System) is an information system that can be used to monitor manufacturing process in industrial production lines. it works together with barcode-ID or RFID system.
artaxias	A very simple, yet addicting game. Requires atleast 2 players, with a maximum of 4 players. Move around your environment with your block, get power-ups/downs, and be sure to shoot the other players before they get you!
artdream	ArtDream. Ambitious project - first stage being a dream database - secondly, dream interpretation and finally, Artificial Dream Generation (based on users context).
artebin	Proyecto sobre un curso de programaci?n de videojuegos en Allegro y C++. El objetivo del curso es ense?ar las t?cnicas para el desarrollo de videojuegos bajo el enfoque de actores en un marco de trabajo (FrameWork). Adem?s del curso se desarrolla allegFr
arteduca	Arteduca is a web-based collaborative Learning Management System (LMS), designed to improve art teaching over the Internet. A virtual learning environment that provides laboratory experiences for courses involving art, education and contemporary technolo
artemis	Artemis e-business platform
artemis-fh	Artemis is a File Hunter (archiving) program. Searching for archived files and backup them.
artemiscache	Artemis is a free HTTP Proxy cache designed to be as fast as possible. In the first time you will be able to run it in a Linux box but we will try to write it for all POSIX compatible stations.
artemisproject	Artemis: A Semantic Web Service-based P2P Infrastructure for the Interoperability of Medical Information Systems.IST-1-002103-STP
artemisvote	A full electronic voting system provided by Artemis Election Technologies, Inc. that incorporates optical scan and electronic &#039;touch screen&#039; voting.
artengine	The ArtEngine is set forth as a project to blur the line between digital and physical art. We intent to make magic at the interface of these two worlds by enabling rhapsodies in auditory, visual, and tactile media. language -&gt; process -&gt; artifact
artes-arcanas	Artes Arcanas es un juego de rol multiusuario ambientado en un mundo mitológico/feudal. Están implementados el sistema de combate, magia, construcción de artefactos, extracción de recursos, clanes, conquista de castillos, comercio con pnjs, etc.
artex	uirx is a project which can be implemented in p2p Software to have an extended detailed posibility to find pictures. It is written in Java.
arthur	End-to-end source control and continuous integration system
artichoke	Artichoke is the most powerful templating system for PHP developers and best of all, it&#039;s incredibly simple.
article-ms	An Article Management System that can support multiple languages and has a better boolean full-text search engine.
articles	botlending.com TCL &amp; eggdrop translations/articles
articlethis	ArticleThis is a web-based article management system written in PHP using MySQL as it&#039;s back-end. ArticleThis is aiming to be one of the most feature-filled and user-friendly article CMS&#039;s around.
articolo1	A netstrike software usefull when parliaments and governs make laws like the european parliament made about software patents. It can&#039;t be abused and stopped by any kind of filter; it doesn&#039;t break any law and is as much functional as the people
artifact	Artifact is a collaborative development, management, and publishing platform for digital assets. It provides a common system enabling dispersed teams to create content, collaborate on projects, and co-ordinate asset development through advanced features.
artifact-proxy	Maven Artifact Proxy is a web application that will create &quot;cache&quot; repository of maven artifacts on your development server. Some of the benefits of artifact proxy include faster access of artifacts, permanent home for artifacts once they expir
artifactory	Maven2 Enterprise Repository Manager and Proxy
artifax	Home of GWT4WTP and other projects of &quot;artifax&quot; team
artificialaim	ArtificialAiming Multiplayer game
artikel23	Durch die Massenarbeitslosigkeit müssen Arbeitssuchende z.T. hunderte Bewerbungen schreiben und tausende Anzeigen studieren. Dies ist zeit- und kostenaufwändig. Um beides zu verringern, ist die Idee zu dieser Datenbank-Anwendung entstanden.
artikelwerk	A Content Management System intended for organisations and parties etc.
artillery-v11	This is the classic game of artillery. You shoot over a hill at your enemy. It was written in Visual Basic 6. The official site is at www.freewebs.com/nottinghamsd
artima	Artima is a variation of OTServ (OpenTibia Server).
artinterface	AID - Art Interface Device - A low cost standalone device for artists to interconnect various and numerous sensors, and actuators.  This device can be programmed from a computer, but is not dependent on the computer for operation.
artis-watermon	ARTIS Watermon is an Automated Real Time Information System for the display of water monitoring telemetry. Developed by Toowoomba City Council and available to demonstrate to other Local Government Authorities using SCADA-C web information systems.
artisan	Artisan Asterisk CDR Tool is a (yet) small real time rating engine + web interface for rating calls generated by Asterisk PBX. It generates useful information suitable for invoices and supports multiple accounts.
artisant	A framework (complete with GUI-based CASE tool) for generating compilable, object-oriented code in a number of modern languages, particularly .NET and Java.
artisynth	Articulatory speech synthesizer in java
artivis	The Mental Rotator is a program that models the human phenomenon of mental rotation (e.g. Shepard, Metzler 1971). The program will have the ability to &quot;mentally&quot; rotate a three-dimensional figure along multiple axes to match it with another fig
artlearn	Non-human Learning
artlibrary	Java library devoted to handle Genetic Algorithms and Classifier Systems. It has been engineered  to be used into agent based simulation models and to search bounded optimal solutions in wide solution spaces. It runs on distributed clusters.
artlight	100% Java multithread search engine. Communication between the client and server is transferred through TCP-IP. To index objects, it obtains the documents through HTTP protocol and parses HTML files, PDF files, XML files and Text Plain files. Artlight us
artlog	Articles Catalogue, a great project to manage articles.
artlvm	Aggressive Rectangle Truncation (ART) with Location Verfication Mechanism is a localization algorithm in wireless sensor networks written in nesC.
artoflife	An open platform with an elegant GUI for evolving creative images using genetic programming.
artofnet-raip	Content management system in ASP with a full object oriented framework and an easy integration of plug-ins or html design templates.
artoftheair	The real benefit of Open Source is the access it provides to the underpriviliged minorities and to the underexposed greater goods. Open Source allows the Open Mind to be borderless creative and to embrace our cultural diversities.
artofwar	A Java turn based strategy game.
artoolkit	The Augmented Reality Tool Kit (ARToolKit) captures images from video sources, optically tracks markers in the images, and composites them with computer-generated content using OpenGL. Dual-licensed, under the GPL, plus commercially by ARToolworks, Inc.
artorun	A theme for the famous JAlbum web album photo creator by David Ekholm, jalbum.net/index.jsp.\nDerived from the Chameleon theme by Laszlo Molnar,\nit is intended for CD based photo archiving with the convenience and beauty of JAlbum&#039;s user interface.
artregistry	This is a web based statistics management software that is intended to be used to keep track of the data which is gathered by users of MMOG strategy and also provide different highly customizable views. Data is purely number/text based (no binary).
arts	Arts is a collection of perl scripts that allow you to input text into a quick and dirty knowledge base. It&#039;s designed to save information that is generated by email away for safekeeping in an organized web index.
artsense	ArtSense translates the methodology of Google&#039;s AdSense service into a mechanism for free art exchange and distribution.  The ads become the art, the advertisers the artists, the hosts the distributors, and website visitors the consumers.
artshow	A complete online photo gallery written in Perl, highly customizable with CSS and color layouts, per image extra info, theme (category), keywords, location, different resolutions, EXIF data, searching, filtering and sorting, editing metadata, and more.
artsourcecms	The purpose of the Proteus Knowledge Base Project is to create a web-based network for sharing artist information resources. The Project is designed to help artists find articles, tutorials, and reviews created by other artists, in one high-quality, user
artspline	Database design tool for most famous databases like PosgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle, etc.
artstat	Open Source code for machine learning applied to anthropological/art objects. initially a collaboration between C. Wiggins+I. Tamaru (Columbia) and A. Gansell (Harvard) to identify true regions for lost/misplaced objects recovered in mesopotamia (Iraq).
artstkmkt	ASM is the Santa Fe Institute &quot;Artificial Stock Market&quot; simulation model.  This page is mainly aimed to the revision/updating of ASM using the Swarm Toolkit, which is provided by Swarm Development Group (http://www.swarm.org).
artsys	Article System is a content management system (CMS) for creating and management of an online journal (periodical). It&#039;s written in HTML/PHP using MySQL or PostgreSQL.
artsystem	Analitycal Ray Tracing System (ART) is a library of C routines to trace seismic rays through 2D geological models.
artuditu	El eggdrop en perl, bot programado en perl para la gesti?n de canales de irc. Altamente configurable y con soporte de base de datos MySQL.
artumgen	Artumgen-Online (ART) es una modificación de Argentum-Online. \nART Ofrece un Servidor, Cliente, y ServList. \nART ofrece un sistema de Seguridad eficiente, que no esta disponible en otros MOD del AO.
artur	Small and lightweight fork()ing webbserver. Supports CGI. Completely based on different &quot;virtual hosts&quot; and some defaults.
arturius	A tool that acts like a compiler but invokes a configurable set of compilers on a given source and aggregates their output to provide a more comprehensive set of results
artwiz-latin1	A set of fonts based on artwiz/artwiz-aleczapka with bold and full ISO-8859-1 support.
artwizaleczapka	This is a set of improved artwiz fonts. They are compatible with the latest fontconfig/Xft-2.0. Thus artwiz fonts work with gtk2/kde3 applications. Multiple encodings are available.
arua	Arua is a framework designed to build applications from the description of functional components and their hierarchical assembly. A runtime engine uses configuration to instanciate, set properties and link up ARUA components.
arudil	This project contains some small programs/plugins for miscellaneous purposes. e.g. there&#039;s a light version of the common &quot;xchat-systray&quot; as well as a windows tool killing the internet connection on a remote pc or one to shut down several p
arudius	Arudius is a live CD based on Slackware and targets information security audience. It features a large collection of tools for information assurance, while maintaining small footprint (210MB mini-CD). To download it go to &quot;Homepage&quot; from the me
arul	Web Services Suite is a set of network utilities for Perl developers who are interested in Internet programming and are developing projects. Included in this suite are soap client, and a few web services for retrieving stock quotes and airline details.
arunodhaya80	AJAX-JSF Components and Eclipse plugins for JSF
arxim	A numerical model for thermodynamics and geochemistry computations.
arxopia	Arxopia is an open source java 3D RPG with a 3D engine.
arya	A Powerful tool that supports differentiation,plotting 2d and 3d graphs(cartesian,spherical polar),number theoretic commands like probabilistic primality and factoring,permutation,partition , and fraction-recurring decimal conversion !&lt;check screensho
aryan	Automated automation
aryan-reloaded	A application to automate a online game. Allows for independant scripts to be created and used.
arylon	Arylon is a lisp-based game engine for rapid prototying and development of tilebased/bitmapped games.
arzak	Arzak is a tool that can interpret Java code extended with custom command sets. New commands can be created by programmers and work as plugins to the Arzak engine. Also, since it is a interpreter, it can work as an interactive Unix-style command shell.
as-smic	Super MAC-IP Changer\nA tool to get/set your IP Address (of Network Cards) and MAC Address (of Network Connections)...
as2eclipse	Eclipse Plugin for ActionScript Development. It provides in its future releases code completion, syntax highlighting, compile and debug output,...
as2jb	An ActionScript 2 for Jabber clients in Macromedia Flash.
as2lib	The as2lib is an opensource framework targeted to Macromedia Flash MX 2004+ developers. It offers support for almost every problem domain.
as2ui	User Interface Framework written in ActionScript 2.0 to provide a easy and stable solution for creating Applications with Flash.
as3dmd	AltSci3D Manga Director is a open source editor for artists and developers of 3D manga/comics. Using Milkshape3D models and the pathing system, an artist can create a manga similar to Javantea&#039;s Fate.
as400rpgeditor	JEditor for RPG provide GUI editor for AS400, using it make every things is easy about RPG programing develope.
as4j	AS4J is a way that programmers from Java/C/C++ backgrounds can quickly and efficiently create useable Macromedia Flash content.  The goal is to make a project framework that is easy to use, version controlled and lightweight.
as4p	as4p - ActionScript for Programmers. Reusable UI elements and code for implementing applications (RIA - Rich Internet Applications) with Macromedia Flash technology.
as511	This device driver communicating with the Siemens S5 PLC via the AS511 protokoll.
as6edriver	This is a driver for the Artec AS6E parallel port scanner.  It now can be run through a SANE interface, or as a stand-alone program.  Version 0.4 scans pretty well in all modes, and at all hardware resolutions.  It works in EPP, PS/2, and SPP modes.
asa	Audio Editing and Analysis software written in Java language.
asa-atl	ATL: ASA Tutor Locator reduces tutor load by using transient ad-hoc peer communities that are seeded with document fragments from the learning network.
asa-caltech	Adaptive Simulated Annealing (ASA) is a C-language code developed to statistically find the best global fit of a  nonlinear  constrained non-convex  cost-function  over  a D-dimensional space.
asa72xx	This project builds tested Adaptec iSCSI driver patches against the latest linux vanilla kernels for both 2.4 and 2.5. These drivers are based upon pre-existing released Adaptec iSCSI drivers for Red Hat kernels.
asan	ASAN is a netfilter-based firewall for Linux that can be configured with config files and used as a normal firewall or as a firewall script generator.
asap	ASAP (Another Slight Atari Player) plays and converts Atari 8-bit music (*.sap, *.cmc, *.mpt, *.tmc, ...) on modern computers.
asap-ws-dotnet	.NET Implementation of the upcoming OASIS Asynchronous Service Access Protocol (ASAP) Version 1.0
asapframework	A Flash ActionScript 2.0 Rich Internet Application library for the development of maintainable, multi-movie, event based interactive applications. Provides practical, reusable, pattern-based solutions for common challenges in Flash applications.
asaph	Asaph is a tool for Christian music groups and worship leaders for managing song databases. Features include printing lead sheets and song books with or without chord markings, and generating presentations for use in group worship.
asapkingston	ASAP is an e-learning application service for the automated assessment of Programming assignments. Developed at Kingston University, UK, with JISC funding, it is designed to work with other services in JISC?s e-Learning Framework.
asaplate	An easy and fast way to separate code from look and feel files while programming in PHP.
asas	A state of the art SMTP relay appliance that kill spam and virus in email
asas4maya	An Animal Skin Texturing System For Maya that allows 3D artists to full control over the shading process of human and other animal characters in Maya for game and film productions.
asat	Address Space Allocation Tool - web based php IP management tool to allocated and record IP address space in an XML file. User authentication and group permissions are supported to provide flexible delegation. Overlapping address space supported.
asb	AnotherScrapBook allows you to index, rotate, comment, edit images and films (and more) and create static web sites (and more).
asbench	ASBench is an OS X GUI front end to the Apache Foundations Apache Bench application.
asbss	Smalltalk implementation of an Amazon.com Store Builder
asbum	ASBuM -- A Simple Blog using MySQL ASBuM is a simple blog tool that allows you to share links / pictures / files with friends from all over the world. ASBuM is simple to setup and simple to run.
asc	ASC is a tool to count traffic between users and different subnets. The most common usage is to measure individual users amount of traffic to and from the internet. Very easy to configure, see the documentation.
asc-hq	ASC is a free, turn based strategy game in the tradition of Battle Isle. Its features both single player gameplay against an AI as well as extensive Play-By-Mail multiplayer functionality.
asc2silo	a filter to convert ASCII data files into binary SILO files to use with the MeshTV visualization package.
asc4webmin	The Advanced Squid Configurator for Webmin is a Webmin Module written in Perl. It helps to build ACL (Access Control Lists) for the common Proxy Server &quot;Squid&quot;. You can build Rules that includes filtering by User, Host, Time, Domain and Port.
asca	This project&#039;s goal is to develop an archive of usable AppleScript code and scripts, licensed under the GNU GPL license. We intend to make this website easy to use and simple in its layout.
ascad	ASCADBox is Delphi Vector Graphic component which use CAD application for all about drawing around needed for developers. And the package is included a complicated open source sample project.
ascal	Ascal is a free implementation of the board game Lasca (similar to draughts) for the Gnome desktop.
ascalaphus	High performance Open Source EAI written in ANSI C (Java compatible via JNI); supported platforms: WinNT, Linux, Solaris, OS390/MVS (every platform where an ANSI C compiler is available). Work derived from what we\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\
ascc	ASCC combines BGP data (from Quagga) and RIR prefix/asn allocation data into a tinydns compatible datafile.
ascend	ASCEND is a collection of libraries to build P2P-based 3D networked virtual environments such as Massively Multiplayer Online Games (MMOGs). It supports real-time 3D streaming, consistency control, and persistent storage in a distributed P2P environment.
ascend-sim	ASCEND is a modelling environment for solving engineering, chemistry, physics and biology problems. It offers an object-oriented modelling language, GUI, and scripting interface. Its robust solver can solve many 1000s of non-linear equations in seconds.
ascent	A comprehensive asset management system designed for use by IT professionals as a way to track server and network computing devices. It is NOT intended to track desktop, laptop, or other &quot;end user&quot; workstation class equipment.
ascg	A Simple Character Generator for AD&amp;D
ascgen2	Ascii Generator dotNET (ascgen2) is an application to convert images into high quality ASCII art - text that accurately represents the original image. The first program of its kind to support variable width fonts, and real-time output adjustment.
aschecador	Sistema para el control de Asistencia y Nomina
ascii-diag	Short perl scripts to create Dialogs for use in text based applicatations, also has a fun side to it, as it can be used with irssi (irc) or even other chat clients to provide humorus dialogs in chans.
ascii-mercury	This Project aims at developing a fast messaging system on *nix platforms. It is being developed for text messaging but will be extensible to accomodate  icons etc. The primary motivation is to get away from dominating proprietary messaging systems.
ascii-tetris	OOP TETRIS game console ASCII based, no fancy graphic, with some sound, one user mode only. I&#039;m starting this project because I need to get expirience in OOP. So Anyone who need too can join too. No special skills needed.
ascii-tvib-drv	WDM USB device driver for the ASCII TranceVibrator.
ascii2unicode	Simple ASCII to Unicode converter
asciibase64	&#039;ASCII-2-Base64&#039; is a free, opensource utility written in Python 2.4.2 and compiled with py2exe that can quickly convert any ASCII string to Base64 and soon will be able to do the inverse.
asciidm	ASCIIDeathmatch is based on ZZT, an ASCII game from 1991. It is a multiplayer deathmatch with some simple ASCII smileys and simple walls, based on server/client setup.
asciimathml	ASCIIMathML.js: a JavaScript to convert calculator-style ASCII math notation (and many LaTeX formulas) to Presentation MathML while your webpage loads. Works with HTML and XHTML in Internet Explorer 6+MathPlayer and Mozilla/Firefox/Netscape 7+.
asciimathml-com	&quot;AsciiMathML compiler&quot; is a translator of AsciMathML, notation developed by the university of Chapman , to MathML (Mathematical Markup Language). It written completely in java, is a API developed by students of the university Carlos III of Madr
asciimon	We want to make a RPG in the style of Pokemon.
asciizer	Asciizer is simple java program to convert a bitmap image into a ASCII image wrapped in nice HTML 4.01 compatible body tags.
ascimgint	ASCImageInterpreter - a C# ASCII image generator.
ascjnuke	asc:jnuke is a Content Managment System, written entirely in Java using servlets to boost performarnces.
ascm	The Advanced Superquadrics CSG Modeler is a 3D modeler for Windows, Linux, and IRIX platforms using Qt. Its primary purpose is to create and edit 3D subdivision polygon meshes.
ascms	The asCMS web portal system is a small but powerful content managing system. It allows you to use templates, so you can easily change the site&#039;s look and feel...
asco	The ASCO project aims to bring circuit optimization capabilities to existing SPICE simulators using a high-performance parallel differential evolution (DE) optimization algorithm. It supports Eldo, HSPICE, LTspice, Spectre, and Qucs.
ascol	This project let we write configuration file like coding in dotNet.
ascommons	Common library for Flash Player 8.5+. Such as refect, logging, unit testing, etc....
ascopy	Another SiteCOPY (ascopy) is a command-line tool to maintain remote copies of websites and is completely written in Bash, so no compilation required and very portable.
ascore	Ascore, a powerful content management system written in Perl
ascp	A php-driven cPanel-like management system that has the capability to be expanded with simple plugin modules and can control various services on a linux or windows machine depending on software setup and account type on the system.
ascpeg	The ascpeg project is a pluggable application that converts images to ascii art.  The plugins include multiple image types, multiple algorithms, and multiple output types.
ascphysics	Physics is an Object Oriented and event-driven application framework, written to simplify the creation of powerful web applications.
ascript	a delegate compiler and a numerical scripting language (like syscalls). the compiler is done in concept but the backend is still in the brainstorming phase.
asd	&quot;Esound on steroids&quot;; Esound-replacement with several advanced features like multi-user/multi-device-support, Esound compatibility, lower latency, lower CPU-usage, multithreading, Semi-OO-environment, sound-recording, multiple soundcard playbac
asd-uniba	Some data structures developed in c++ for the &#039;Algorithms &amp; Data Structures&#039; exam at the Computer Science Department of the University of Bari by Tafuni Vito &amp; Nicola Perrini.
asdcplib	C++ Accessor Library for SMPTE AS-DCP Essence
asde	SDE is a software development environment for radio astronomers.
asdep	ASPOJO-based dependency manager.
asdf-mplayer	ASDF is A Simple DVD Frontend, and is intended to make it easier to watch DVDs using MPlayer. It&#039;s written in Perl using the Qt toolkit.
asdl	The Abstract Syntax Description Lanuguage (ASDL) is a language designed to describe the tree-like data structures in compilers. Its main goal is to provide a method for compiler components written in different languages to interoperate.
asdmusic	Asd Music is meant to be a fully distributed jukebox program written mainly in java where the repository, the player and the console can sit on three different machines.
asdn	ASDN - &quot;Agile Supply Demand Networks&quot; is software for analyzing and developing logistics networks.
asdv	Help an Administrator to document Changes of the system.
ase	ASE is a program specially designed with facilities to create animated sprites that can be used in some video game. This program let you create from static images, to characters with movement, textures, patterns, backgrounds, logos, color palettes, etc.
asec	Admin Secure is an add-on script for PHP-Nuke web portal system. This add-on gives you additional protection schemes from common hacking activities. Admin Secure is an alternate protection for your PHP-Nuke based website.
aseclipseplugin	A plugin for the popular Eclipse platform to work with ActionScript 2 files. It should provide such features like code coloring, code folding, code completion, outlining, logger ... Use update site to install : http://aseclipseplugin.sf.net/updates/
aseco	Aseco is a tool written for the racing game Trackmania (Original/Sunrise/Nations). It records driven times on tracks and saves them into a local or public database. There are many other functions and an integrated plugin system.
asecurity	A security scanner coded in a tcl/tk extension for use with linux and unix systems . It automatically downloads patches and exploits how ever testing of them is left up to the user for security reasons
ased	ASED is a Tcl/Tk Editor written in pure Tcl/Tk using the BWidget Toolkit. Features included: multifile editing, syntax-highlighting, command-expansion, undo/redo, autoindent, find/replace, file-browser, help-system
aseisql	Free database development and debugging tool for Sybase.
asetot3d	ASEtoT3D is an application that converts (most) 3DS Max ASE (Ascii Scene Export) files into Unreal T3D brushes, and importantly, correctly preserves the texture coordinates so that the brush does not need to be re-textured.
aseview	This is a viewer for ase (ASCII Scene Export) files. This code should be used to implement object loading in your own software (eg.: games).
asex2	Asex2, Auto secure service, is a new generation Apache/mysql/php/ -and many more- package for Windows and Linux.Our efforts emphasize security, credibility, and flexibility. It claims to be a must have tool for the Tester/Developer/System Administrator.
asf	The Appropriate Software Foundation exists to contribute to the usage and development of software appropriate to the information flows within global civil society.
asf-james-mgt	The ASF James MGT Console provides system administrators using the Apache Java Enterprise Mail Server (a.k.a. Apache James) combined with a mysql backend an alternative interface to manage users, virtual users and dead mail.
asfc	The ActionScript Foundation Classes (ASFC) project provides an application framework build upon a set of best practises and design patterns to develop Rich Internet Applications for the Flash Platform.
asfcomp	ASFC is a Win32 MFC visual file comparison program. It tries to provide a more accurate and useful comparison by not simply working through the files line by line. It is even possible to compare binaries and analyze network packets.
asflow	ASFlow is a simple tool which utilizes NetFlow export from routing equipment, and externally collected routing data, to perform detailed traffic analysis. Example users include peering networks and picky transit purchasing networks.
asforza4	This is an implementation of the 4-in-a-row game. You can play vs a human player (via net yet:), or against an AI player. In the few moments in which you don&#039;t play you can load one of its cool plugin;) (clock, cpu/mem/swap monitor, mailchk etc.)
asfrecorder	ASFRecorder is a linux and windows WindowsMedia Streaming client.
asfsv	View web server file structure, manipulate files and edit xml-based site meta-data resources through Flash client, like configuration files, etc... aims for implementing very easy extending capabilities on server and client side.
asgardcore	Asgard-Core is the base for the Asgrad Integration Test Tool. This plataform, or framework, is designed to allow one to run any action using the power of IoC.
asgarditt	Asgard is a Integration Test Tool, used to simulate JDBC, File System, SAP and LDAP interactions.
asgardplugins	Asgard-Plugins is a sub-project of Asgard-ITT and it provides a group of useful  plugins to assist in any system development based on Eclipse platform. Currently supporting Eclipse 3.2 (callisto).
asgardrpg	Asgard is a role playing game complete with menus, random battles, maps, towns and dungeons. Join the community of developers, writers and artists. Our goal is to deliver a rich and beautiful, free software RPG to gamers everywhere.
asgen	Modular cms.
asgh	Web log analyzer
asgsoftbb	ASGSOFTbb is a PHP based forum that will be fully custimizable and skinable and meets the demand of everyone putting in mind security and efficiancy.
ash	ASH is a middleware layer that is designed to simplify the coding for the US Defence High Level Architecture.  It is currently based in C++ on Linux.
ash-mvc	ash-mvc is an MVC framework in PHP. It truly separates presentation from application and incorporates data in the presentation or View files with simple PHP print statements spread within the HTML code.
ash-toolkit	Toolbox for Java developers. Includes right now only a multi-layered extensible cache system but will grow depending on requirements.
ash-valley	Ash Valley is a collections of news, tutorial, video and audio lesson on GNU Linux/BSD/Solaris World. One of the Mission of the Project is to teach the base of C/C#/Python/Ruby Programming Languages.
ashamanempires	A browser-based strategy game based on The Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan. Players manage national economies, politics, and militaries while fighting for world domination.
asharp	A#: An Ada port to the Microsoft .NET Framework
ashbrookprime	Ashbrook Prime is a Open Source Community project to create a MORPG. The foundation of Ashbrook Prime will allow for easy modding and content creation so anyone could pickup and create there own MORPG.
ashcast	Ashcast is a video-chat application fully written in Java, using a Swing GUI. It offers full cam support on MS Windows, Linux and Macintosh systems, and integrates with an IRC based backend for chat.
ashirwad	A phonetic transliteration engine since 1998, &quot;Ashirwad&quot; now reincarnates as initiative to popularise use of Indian languages (using Unicode) among developers &amp; users. Since not all apps currently support Opentype fonts, there&#039;s a long
ashkay	Lightweight, strategy-based caching in Java
ashkelon	An online reference tool for Java API documentation.  ashkelon is javadoc taken to the next step of being able to reference multiple APIs (&gt;100,000 methods) in a single, fully cross-referenced and searchable database repository.
asholamp	This project is for the individual that wants a managable Content Manager without all the complex extra most other CMS systems offer. This project is not intended for Intranets or Commercial sites.
ashop	Intended to be a highly automated php/mySQL based webshop system for selling digital products such as ebooks and software. It will include a shopping cart, affiliate marketing, delivery of digital products and more.
ashp	ASP Slashdot Headline Parser is a simple Active Server Page (ASP) Script which fetches the latest slashdot.xml file, parses it and displays the headlines in an HTML Table format.
ashpool	Ashpool is a lightweight XML Database written in Java. It is designed to query table like XML documents and has a built in JDBC driver. (Saxon Inside)
ashr	This software is a HTML Application (.hta) personal to-do list manager using a tree format. With this software, a user can list all his tasks, divide them into subtasks. Mark complete tasks, and also calculate how many percent he has to work to finish.
ashtray	Tapestry+Hibernate+Spring+Acegi template application.
ashulipi	Offline handwriting recognition for Indian regional languages
ashwini	A Shout Cast Server with a neat interface for adminstraion,search Options and easy way to select songs by various categories,Dynamically generated playlists.Does not allow the users to download songs or movies.Songs secure
asi	Asi is a program for monitorate a tcp port written completly in C. It can log to file and send the problems to an email account with a smtp server.
asichk	Asichk is a program for monitorate a tcp port written completly in C. It can log to file and send the problems to an email account with a smtp server.
asimov-browser	Asimov Browser is a simple, easily deployable and very customizable image (and file) browser script for web servers running PHP4 and newer.
asinventory	Agentless Shell based inventory system for some UNIX and Linux via non-privileged shell. Inventory includes OS, version, CPU (number and speed), RAM, filesystem, kernel parameters, software packages, patches ..etc.
asio	asio is a cross-platform C++ library for network programming that provides developers with a consistent asynchronous I/O model using a modern C++ approach.
asioc	This is a very simple implementation of Dependency Injection (DI) Pattern know also as Inversion of Control (IoC) in Macromedia Action Script 2.0. It is similar in design and philosophy to Java Spring Framework.
asip	The purpose of the project is to design a methodology for making Application Specific Instruction set Processors. The project is a part of the Embedded Systems project in IIT-Delhi
asis-rpg	Asis - Sobrevivir es un juego - Juego de Rol fant?stico postapocal?ptico. Un universo de magia y espada en tu mente y en tu pantalla...
asisted-lesson	Application used for online lessons.
asitunel	AsiTunel - something between tunel and proxy for publishing service on server in non-public network (behind firewall or NAT). You may publish for example your web server if you does not have public IP address.
asiv	The (Simple Image Viewer) is a powerful WEB image viewer. The goal of this project is to give a file browser experience using PHP technology on a browser. Functionality: thumbnail, folder summary (4 preview), Comments, Not need to know HTML, and lot more
asjaca	Asjaca Project is a free framework in Java and Javascript to build web applications using Ajax technology.
ask	The Accessing and Storing Knowledge project is developing an online repository system using the web services paradigm and a wide range of interoperability specifications (Z39.50, SRW, SRU, MODS, METS, Shibboleth).
ask-fig	Ask is a decision-making tool.  It provides a standard protocol for tabling an idea and gathering opinions from people and/or software agents, weighted according to the user&#039;s preferences.  It is designed to be lightweight enough to use in many prog
ask-musictheory	Artificial Intelligence program answering any questions about music theory, providing answers via a knowledge base. ie: What is a tenor clef; What is a melodic minor scale; How many sharps in the key of E; What does C-dim mean.
askari	Askari is a custom version of the Mozilla Rhino Javascript Engine optimized for use in standalone applications and servlets. It is easily extensible either with Java libraries (SWT is bundled) or by adding to the included JavaScript library framework.
askcms	Asteri.sk Content Management System (web based site management)
askgene	Askgene (Automated Sequence Knowledge GENErator) - a customizeable integration platform for sequence-processing bioinformatics tools.
askme	Fundamentally, AskMe is IM-ization of help desk. Its a client server based system using XML-RPC as communication protocol. Current implementation is being carried out using platofrm independent Qt client and PHP based server. Support for KDE is planned.
askmore	The Air Deccan web interface is inadequate for viewing fares over a consecutive range of dates. Many a times, we can afford to travel a day or two earlay or later. In that case, to find out the cheapest fare for a range of dates is cumbersome.SimplySearc
askochess	&quot;Mentally Challenged&quot; is an XBoard/WinBoard compatible chess engine written in Java.
askpappy	AskApy is a task server. In more words, it is an application server dedicated to excecute administratives tasks or scripts on computers and servers, scattered over complexes architectures, accross multiple firewall, routers and subnets.
askreg	AskReg is a command line utility for MS Windows that queries registry keys and values, returning error levels to indicate presence or value matches, and also is capable of generating &#039;set&#039; strings suitable for writing to batch files.
asl	This script was written because of the lack of a Trillian-esque status logger in Adium. It logs away, idle, signing on and off statuses of your Adium contacts. Please follow the simple directions in the Readme file to start logging.
asla	ASLA (Automated software license analyzer) is a tool for finding and identifying licenses of existing software packages.
asleap	asleap is a tool to recover passwords from a Cisco LEAP wireless network
asleapjava	Java password attack tool.  Supports dictionary generation and saving from parameters, brute force attacks, SHA-1, MD5 and Crypt built in.  Extensible through plug-ins.
aslib	Ad-hoc Support Library (ASL) is a user-space library which provides an API to faciliate implementation of routing protocols for wireless ad-hoc networks in Linux.
aslib2	ASLib is an ActionScript 2.0 based library that implements common data structures.
aslinks	ASlinks generate and manage a hiberarchy tree to contain symbol-links what are linked to the real files and directories. This is usefull to supply a file share service with clearly file list.
aslla	A cross platform application designed to be a free teaching aid. Based off of SDL, PARAGUI, c++.
asm	Linux/UNIX assembly programming portal.
asm-parser	this tool is unix analog indent but for assembler language
asm-xml	AsmXml is a very fast XML parser and decoder for x86 platforms. It is written in pure assembler and supports only a subset of the XML 1.0 specification.
asm2005	ASM2005 is a object oriented x86 assembler and emulator written in C# using GoldParser by Devin Cook and the C# Gold Parser engine written by Marcus Klimstra.
asm2class	Compiler for java assembly to class file. This compiler contains dead code detection and allow creating method, field and constructor from a java assembly file
asm48	A cross assembler for the ubiquitous Intel(tm) 8048 family of microcontrollers.  Also supports compatible parts such as the 8035, 8039, 8049, etc.
asm8051	8051 development System in Qt
asmaan	asmaan is a multi-client chat software with built-in social networking and bitorrent filesharing with search, encryption and partial anonymity.
asmail	Asmail is a &quot;mail-checker&quot; like xbiff, but with the Afterstep look &amp; feel. It indicates the status of your mailbox but it does not download, view, send or delete any mail messages.
asmatic	Assembly browser and disassembler for .net framework
asmc	CMS designed for french Education Nationale, by managing pedagogical material, service&#039;s notes, diary, collaborative work, projects, resources ...
asmcrew	Assembler Crew will develop many different parts in assembly that could be used freely in many other projects. It will build libraries in assembly. This is a project that aims to make many different assembly-based libraries and piece of code for other pr
asmdaemon	An audio server daemon that can be used by other software for audio playback. This includes a uni-directional and a bi-directional protocol.
asmedit	AsmEdit is a IDE for assembler projects.  Includes editor, library, planner, help system, and more..
asmeta	A set of tools for Abstract State Machines (ASM) based on their Metamodel (AsmM)
asmilter	Sendmail Milter written in C to filter out spam.
asmines	AsMines is a classic minesweeper style game. AsMines have a skinnable interface and plugins support that allows you to listen music while playing.
asmirc	Goals: make a working IRC client in 100% 32bit asm for windows, make it support most other useful protocols (DCC,CTCP,DNS...), make it better than any other IRC clients for windows, keep it free and always release the source in GNU Style for FREE.
asmj	A 6809/6800/8080/8008 macro assembler written in Java.
asml	Advanced block level storage management layer for the Linux kernel. This layer  provids low level storage services to simplify the development of filesystems , DBMS, LDAP servers , and other applications that require high performance storage.
asmlens	Fun, assembler made program to present different kind of transformations for loaded TGA picture. In polish!
asmlg	Public domain Mastermind clone created for school assignment purposes. Match your colours with those generated by the computer in 12 moves or less.
asmlib	AsmLib is a general purpose library for console or terminal programs.  Everything is written in assembler and is intended for assembler programmers.  Function groups include display handlers, keyboard, mouse, file, shell, sort, process control, etc.
asmlight	ASM Light is an IDE for NASM and in the future also other assembly compilers. Features: Quick Find, Syntax Hightlight, Data section etc. It is currently a .Net application, and runs on every computer with .Net Framework 2.0 installed.
asmmgr	AsmMgr is a file manager that is configured to support the AsmIDE family of developemnt tools.  It can also be configured as a &quot;mc&quot; clone.  Features include: file minipulation, two pannel views, mouse support, integrated shell, and more.
asmo	A simple XML taglib processor. It reads in an XML document and, based on XML namespaces, chooses a library to handle the part of the XML tree within that namespace. The result is a new XML document.
asmoday	General purpose OpenGL 3D graphics engine for Freepascal
asmon	Asmon is a python script that will extract AS routing information flow-capture (part of flow-tools) output and write them to rrd files. It can also generate html and images from these rrd files. Asmon is fast.
asmpanorama	Simple program which transforms photos into single panorama, written in assembler. In Polish.
asmplugin	A assembler plugin for Eclipse, to use different assembler-programs (e.g. NASM, TASM or MASM) as back-end compiling. It include linker and debugger controlling, too. And you get a optimiced ASM-File-Editor with this plugin.
asmref	AsmRef is a menu program and documentation file collection for development of assembly language programs.  Most of the material is borrowed from others (thanks to the Linux community) and describes kernel calls, kernel structures, x86 instructions, etc.
asms	ASMS (&#039;A Slot Management System&#039;) is a XOOPS module based on the excellent Meeting Room Booking System. It&#039;s customised to be used for advertising slots but can be used as a generic base for anything you need to book as I do...
asmshell	Fast and simple Windows shell made in MASM.
asmsrc	asmsrc generates assembler assembler source files from Linux executables.  Library calls are detected along with symbols and other information found in ELF executable files.  Generated source file is in nasm format.
asn1-edit	ASN1 editor plugin for Eclipse
asn1c	This ASN.1 compiler turns formal ASN.1 specifications into C code. The compiler is shipped together with conformant BER/DER/XER/PER codecs. The X.509, GSM TAP3, MEGACO, RRC and LDAP encoding and decoding examples are shipped as well.
asn1forj	ASN.1 for java defines interfaces and implementations of all common ASN.1 datatypes and supports encoding and decoding of ASN.1 datastreams.
asneditor	ASNEditor provides an Eclipse 3 editor plugin for ASN.1 (Abstract Syntax Notation One) files. It presents an outline page, syntax highlighting, content assist, goto declaration under cursor, bracket matching, toggle comment, problem markers for errors.
asnews	asNews is a simple news retrieving and parsing program which gets the news from the net and shows it in your desktop: news are placed in your favorite WM&#039;s menu or shown using a simple but comfortable GUI.
asnmtap	Application System Network Monitoring Tool Alex Peeters (ASNMTAP)
asntrackerx	AssignmentTracker X is student software built with Cocoa &amp; Objective-C for Mac OS X who&#039;s purpose is to help students manage &amp; track their assignments and grades throughout all of their classes with assignment lists, reports and time managem
asocket	Asynchronous socket class based on the MFC CAsyncSocket implementation.  The completed library should be fairly scalable and solid enough to handle 100`s of connections.
asom	ASOM Musicbox is a jukebox project developed in PHP4 and C using mySQL as database backend and XML-RPC as inter-communication protocol. You can create your music archive and own playlists, streaming them to your favourite player (Winamp, XMMS, ...).
asoutlook	This project intends to provide a anti-spam filter for Microsoft Outlook, similar to project \\&quot;saoutlook\\&quot;, but without the need to SpamAssassin externally - something like a SA-Implementation based on MS-Technologies.
asp	Asp finds the IP address of an host connected to Internet knowing the host name and its possible IP addresses. With Asp you can let others find your host when it is online independently from your ISP by running a server on your host.
asp-admin	ASP-Admin is a web based tool used for remote administration of computers running Windows 2000/XP. It uses ASP/VBScript/IIS.
asp-cms	ASP-CMS is aimed to be a good easy to use and manage web based content management system. It will include all possible features that a web application can have like a web portal. It will have good administration features.
asp-dba	Provide a web-based interface for managing any ADO/SQL-92 compliant database, using the ADO OpenSchema API and SQL-92 DDL. Includes an integrated version of UTE for editing data.
asp-ent-man	ASP.NET Enterprise Manager is a web based version of the application that is provided with SQL Server.  Inspired by the functionality of PHP MyAdmin, this project attempts to give SQL Server and MSDE database users a web based administration and developm
asp-fileupload	The PseudoRequestDictionary is an ASP VBScript Class to process HTTP fileupload. It is meant to be fast, reliable, compatible with multiple browsers and operating systems and easy to use, even for unexperienced programmers.
asp-git	A project for managing the school schedule for people with GIT
asp-js	ASP-JS is an ASP (Active Server Pages) + JavaScript engine which runs under Apache.  ASP-JS is currently implemented as a CGI program, using SpiderMonkey as the JavaScript engine.
asp-net-bb	The main idea is to create a phpBB like project with asp.net and c#, to improve plugin support that phpBB lacks, and adding features to the forum.\nmainly for me to learn asp.net, any help appriciated
asp-project	ASP Project Management
asp-swb	CMS solution leveraging ASP/MySQL with XSL templating and multi-system customisation.
aspace	Alienation Space will act like a container for many small projects under various Open Source licenses adn for many purpose. We like to create small SDL games, a good CMS and a light BBS ... and small utilities for MorphOS ... Stay tuned! ;)
aspadmin	Fully Administer Microsoft SQL Server and MySQL using this tool written in ASP
aspalumni	aspAlumni - Schools: track your alumni and let them track each other. ASP 3.0/VBScript/MSAccess. Stable release 9-30-2004. Looking to rewrite in Ruby On Rails in 2007!
aspam	Anti-sPHPam is a php script that protects the e-mail addresses displayed on your website from being catched by spambots. Our goal is also to reduce spam by discouraging spammers, who will find only bad email addresses with their spambots.
aspbannersystem	The best ad exchange banner system in ASP.  at the moment it uses a db access but it is previewed  mysql and sql.
aspbbforum	ASP and MySql driven forum with advanced featurs such as  language support, editable cssthemes, premission set by custom groups. Searchable forum and memberslist. Stick, locked and hidden topics and post. Easy but advanced adminsystem.
aspbeans	aspbeans is a framework allowing translation between bean-like .NET objects and ASP web forms, allowing forms to be mapped to an object-oriented hierarchy (with relationships like many-to-one or one-to-one). Reduces coupling and makes developers happy.
aspbiff8	Write/stream native BIFF8 (MS Excel 97/2k) files (even multiple sheets) with ASP/VBScript 2x faster than Excel.Application.  No components to register or tempfiles on webserver.  Only dependency is ASPOLE2 include file (another sf.net project).
aspblog	aspBlog - an ASP driven, modular, highly adabtable blog-system.
aspbookmng	AspBookMng is a asp-based system which provides several management functions such managing returning status&amp;#12289;tracking whether book is on the shelf or providing user latest Hot-picks.
aspclassroom	This is an e-learning web application written in ASP language, with admin interface for distinct user roles (teacher, superuser, student), and tools to provide communication between peers and teachers (messages, forums).
aspdb	ASP Database Viewer is for use when access to Enterprise Manager is not an option. Utilizing ADO Asp Database Viewer allows you to see the contents of a database from a web browser.
aspdevsoop	Mod  will allow a multiple portal solution  This Mod is being developed using the basic concept of multiple portal hosting from a single frame work. Planned Features multiple portal implementation using a single  Install of a portal using access database
aspdns	ASP DNS Manager for Windows 2000 has the purpose to simplify the configuration of Windows 2000&#039;s DNS, providing a COM component with Zone and record data manipulation. This component is easy to install and to use in custom scripts, programs or web p
aspeasygallery	aspEasyGallery is a light-weighed pure ASP script to create an online gallery. Users uplaods their pictures to a directory and aspEasyGallery automatically convert them into a nice looking gallery.
aspecies	project closed
aspect	aspect is a log visualization/viewer tool. aspect borrows the initial idea of visualizing logfiles from the old seelog project, but enhances it to work in modern day by utilizing SQL, PHP and a web frontend.
aspect-net	An AOP compiler for .NET
aspect-perl	Aspect oriented programming in Perl
aspect-sequence	Generate a run-time sequence diagram from java executed code.
aspect4facelets	Aspect4Facelets extends the facelets framework to be capable of AOP to develop pluggable components.
aspectas	AspectAS is an AOP (Aspect Oriented Programming) framework for ActionScript
aspectcom	AspectCOM intends to bring AOP into component-based development, specifically, Microsoft Component Object Model (COM). It is fast, light-weight and can be easily integrated with existing COM components.
aspectd	Aspect Oriented Programming for Delphi 7 and Delphi8
aspectdng	AspectDNG is a .NET multi-language aspect weaver. Aspects and base code may be written in any programming language, as soon as it compiles into MSIL.
aspectj-netbeans	AspectJ integration with Netbeans.  AspectJ enables aspect-oriented programming for Java.  This module supports building AspectJ programs and navigating crosscutting structure within NetBeans and SunOne/Forte IDEs.
aspectj4emacs	AspectJ integration with Emacs. Developers use AspectJ to do aspect-oriented programming for Java. They can compile and run AspectJ and Java programs, and navigate and view crosscutting structure in the editor and speedbar. Requires java-mode or JDEE.
aspectj4jbuildr	AspectJ integration with Borland&#039;s JBuilder IDE.  Developers use the AspectJ language to do aspect-oriented programming for Java projects.  They can compile and run AspectJ and Java programs, and navigate and view crosscutting structure in the edito
aspectjlib	AspectJ libraries bundle solutions for crosscutting concerns in Java code.   You can add logging, synchronization, diagnostics, persistence, etc. to your program using AspectJ&#039;s compile-time or load-time weaving, by extending or configuring binary a
aspectjunit	AspectJUnit is a framework based on xUnit architecture to unit test aspectJ based aspects.
aspectjworkshop	AOP with AspectJ Workshop
aspectnet	Aspect.Net is yet another AOP solution for Microsoft .NET platform. It differs from Aspect# which uses dynamic proxy to achieve weaving, Aspect.Net waves using direct manipulation of IL, so it can overcome a proxy&#039;s deficiencies.
aspectp	A set of Python language extensions to facilitate aspect-oriented programming with Python
aspectpattern	The goal of the project is to provide pattern for solving problems using AspectJ.
aspectphp	AspectPHP is an effort to weave aspects in PHP language.
aspectr	Aspect-Oriented Programming framework in and for Ruby. Includes useful aspects implemented in AOP, such as profiler, logger etc.
aspectr-fork	This is a fork of the AspectR project (http://sourceforge.net/projects/aspectr/): an Aspect-Oriented Programming framework in and for Ruby.
aspectrefactor	An Eclipse plugin able to do automatic aspect-oriented refactoring of java code. Target feature to be refactored is JAAS security, but in the last version is extended to do a sort of custom refactoring.
aspectschema	AspectSchema is a C/C++ software library that takes in XML Schema documents and generates HTML (and possibly other UI formats).  AspectSchema also generates client-side and server-side code for events on the UI elements based on the schema entities.
aspectsharp	AspectSharp is an AOP (Aspect Oriented Programming) framework for .NET .
aspectsharpcomp	This project indents to create a C# compiler with AOP support. Currently NKalore have support for After, Before, Around and Throwing advices. This project is based on Mono C# Compiler.
aspectweaver	Teddy&#039;s Aspect Weaver is a powerful AOP Framework based on AspectDNG&#039;s ILML library. Please visit the following link for latest news about Teddy&#039;s Aspect Weaver: http://ilungasoft.com
aspectweb	AspectWeb tries to bring Aspect Oriented Programming and Attribute Oriented Programming in context of web development
aspectwerkz	AspectWerkz is a dynamic, lightweight and high-performant AOP/AOSD framework for Java.
aspeech	The goal is to write a portable library for continous automatic speech recognition.
aspell	GNU Aspell is a spell checker designed to eventually replace Ispell. It can either be used as a library or as an independent spell checker.  Its main feature is that it does a superior job of suggesting possible replacements for a misspelled word.
aspell-gu	Aspell is a widely used, open-source spellchecking tool. This is an Gujarati (gu) dictionary for use with aspell.
aspell-nds	This project provides a Low Saxon language module for the GNU aspell program. Low Saxon (ISO-language code: nds) is a regional language spoken in northern Germany and the eastern part of the Netherlands.
aspell-net	ASpell.Net is the first open source .Net spell checker based on the gnu Aspell Project.
aspellfor4d	4D developpers
aspen	Need extra computing power? Use other people&#039;s computers! Rent out your computer when you are not using it! Aspen provides secure, fault-tolerant, platform-independent micropayment-based distributed computing.
aspen-para-lang	This is the Aspen project - a language for high performance, scalable network services. The project consists of a compiler for the Aspen language and an associated runtime which dynamically allocates the appropriate number of threads for any workload.
aspencms	The Aspen Content Management System (ACMS) implements a web-based centralized source for dissemination and collection of digital audio content. It features a cash-in and cash-out system using the PayPal Mass Pay API to buy, sell, and trade audio content.
aspenos	AspenOS is used by web development teams to develop web applications with a moderately complex core and flexible content delivery.  It is a Java servlet framework with multiple role support for users.
aspex	Genetic analysis programs for affected sibling pair data and discrete traits, including multipoint exclusion mapping, map distance estimation, transmission disequilibrium testing, and relationship validation
aspexiffuncs	A set of pure ASP Exif functions for reading the metadata from various image formates.  Currently JPG and TIFF files are supported.
aspfitnesse	ASP.net Fitnesse is an emulation of the popular Fitnesse Wiki and Test server that can be hosted under IIS
aspformmail	AspFormMail - The generic html form mailer written asp
aspforums	ASPForums is an ASP.Net application that runs on an IIS web server allowing users to post newsgroup-like messages via a web page.  Posts are saved to an XML file.
aspfoto	Photo Administration Mysql Asp.net
aspfreaksts	STS - SupportTicketsystem and Knowledgebase - auto response, Mail - parsing , mysql or mssql, user can rate tickets which where published in the knowledgebase for professional use user groups, admin - groups, ticketstatus - support iv&#039;e read message
aspfunctionlib	A collection of useful ASP and ASP.NET functions
aspfusion1	ASPFusion is a asp based content management system, providing flexibility and power in one complete package.
asphorum	A high performance ASP forum, with a look based on the php variant phorum. Fully scripted using JScript.  We try to keep everything &#039;simple&#039; and maintainable, and use modules where possible (for the look, the languages etc).
asphoto	ASPhoto Gallery is a turn-key solution for users who want to create an Online Photo albums. These photo albums can be moderated or unmoderated. This is idea so from one wanting to public class room artwork, or digital camera photos of every day life.
asphyre	Asphyre is a set of free and open-source components, tools, examples, documentation and GUI framework that can be used to create almost any kind of 2D or 3D game or interactive application on Delphi/Pascal compilers.
aspic	A simple protocol for Internet co-operation: simple web-based RMI for when SOAP and friends are overkill.
aspider	Robust featureful multi-threaded CLI web spider using apache commons httpclient v3.0 written in java.  ASpider downloads any files matching your given mime-types from a website.  Tries to reg.exp. match emails by default, logging all results using log4j.
aspincludeparsr	An ASP code analyzer that discovers the pages that are being included and builds a tree. It also uses Graphviz to render the graph.
aspinfinity	ASP based, modular CMS and Portal. Based loosely on MWEdit (a derivative of Maxwebportal) the base now contains class based code with support for groups, templates, comments, custom block layout, add-ins rather than mods, and self configuring scripts.
aspinfo	This project provides a web-based system info page. The goal is to have a concise description of a system&#039;s vital using a normal web browser. This software is similare to the wide-used PHPSysInfo, but is based on ASP.net and on the .NET Framework.
aspintranet	ASPIntranet is an OpenSource Intranet-Solution based on Active Server Pages. You\\&#039;re able to manage your employees, vacation, notes and many more.
aspipe	ASpipe is a pipeline to process GeneSeqer/GMAP alignments and identify alternative splicing (AS) events from the alignments. It requires unix bash, perl 5.0+ with DBI module and MySQL5.0+ to run properly.
aspire	ASPIRE (Application-Specific Improvement of Software Reliability) is a tool to measure the reliabilities of J2EE applications. With the help of ASPIRE,you can predict and analysis the reliability of the application.
aspiv	This is a picture viewer written in ASP 3.0.   It allows cataloging of pictures into albums for display on any website.  It is designed for use with digital cameras because it will pull EXIF information, and it allows for resizing and rotating.
aspl-fact	Af-Arch is an Open Source N-tier framework to build distribuited applications. Its license schema allows Open Source and commercial (closed source) applications. This is the foundation to build an new set of applications in a fast and reliable way.
asplaunch	A Perfect solution to launch your website on, global authentication system, protect any no. of pages, integerated classes for sessions, password recovery, querying DB, etc. Elegant forms &amp; error display, uses session time techniques to control timeou
asplinkmanager	ASP Link Manager makes possible to manage a complete list of links, and give you the ability to keep track of user clicks.
asplinks	ASPLinks is a free, open-source and light-weight framework for producing online links directories written in ASP and ASP.NET for use on mySQL and SQL Server.
asplit	A multipurpose easy-to-use filesplitter, indented to split big files, and then recreate them, This program is no clone of an existing tool of ANY Operating system. It is intended to be used for any system that has Qt on it, (Linux, POSIX, Windows)
aspmyoracle	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
aspn	A simple, nice and instructive nonrecursive predictive syntactical analyser for LL(1) grammars, just to play with it for fun.
aspnet-cms	ASP.NET-CMS is aimed to be a good easy to use and manage web based content management system. It will include all possible features that a web application can have like a web portal. It will have good administration features.
aspnetblogproje	Blogging system powered by ASP.NET 2.0 using the latest API&#039;s and AJAX. Support for SQL Server 2000/2005, user built plugins and templates. Please see for more information: www.aspnetblogproject.org
aspnetcontent	The Content Control is a custom control for ASP.Net It allows the user to revise content online through their browser. It&#039;s designed for those situations where you want the flexibility of a CMS without the commitment any engine&#039;s limitations. a
aspnetexcel	This project demonstrates exporting a DataSet to Excel in ASP.NET, without using the Excel object model. We did not want to install Office on the server just to get the ability to create an Excel spreadsheet!
aspnetforum	Using ASP.NET / MySQL Forum. Running on Microsoft.NET / Mono
aspnetria	QooxDootNET ASP.NET RIA AJAX Framework with full state support, GUI Design support, databinding, GUI set based on QooxDoo
aspnettemplates	Web page templating using ASP.NET under Apache/MONO
aspnewspro	The goal of this project is to create a news/article management system. This project will contain features usually only found in \\&quot;for pay\\&quot; systems, including tiered security, categories/sub-categories, start time, end time an
aspnuke	We are creating the most powerful open source portal system for ASP enabled webservers.  It is expected to be much better than PHP-Nuke (the most powerful portal/weblog system for PHP enabled webservers).  It started out as just porting PHP-Nuke to ASP b
aspnukecms	ASP Nuke is an web server software application for running a community-based web site based on PHP Nuke and Slashdot.  It utilizes the Active Server Pages scripting language on the Windows platform running Internet Information Server 5.
aspnukesql	AspNuke Community Release Project - This is a continuing project of the original AspNuke project started by GAT. We are keeping the AspNuke community alive.
aspo	ASPO is a system for parameter optimization for machine learning techniques for automated text classification. It is implemented in Java and supports the standard classification methods Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machines, Rocchio and k-Nearest Neighbou
aspole2	AspOle2 is for use with another class which generates binary data streams for specific applications such as MS Excel.  AspOle2 stores these data streams in the OLE2 Compound Document File format.
aspoof	aspoof is a program that modifies the Apple Airport Extreme binary to spoof the MAC address of the wireless card.
asportal	A toolkit for ASP developers, with many of the utilities needed in a website
asppagebuilder	APB (Asp Page Builder) a framework to build dynamic portals using pages stored in a MDB database
aspphotosgaller	This is photo gallery designed using Microsoft ASP under Microsoft OS.  This project uses only Microsoft ASP technology no components to install.  The salient features of this photo gallery is its Separate Gallery list and Slide Show and iconified image 
asppress	A porting of wordpress to classic asp.
aspprocatalog	ASP PRODUCT CATALOG is a database driven categorized product catalog. It uses the combination of ASP and MS ACCESS.
aspprofiler	A line-level performance profiler for ASP (VBScript) code. Optimize ASP by seeing how many times each line was executed and how long it took. Written in pure ASP, it supports nested server-side includes, and features a client-side sorting dynamic table.
asproject	AsProject is a complete tool set for creating and building ActionScript 3.0 projects. It is built around the key concepts supporting the Rails framework and should help ActionScript/Flex 2 developers gain productivity boosts in their day to day work.
asproxy	A simple web proxy that able you browse web pages without government filtering!
aspschedule	A script written in ASP that displays work schedules for employeers with part-time employees on the web. Database driven. Support for substitute shifts requests and fills.
aspsearch	ASPSearch, is a search engine project writen in ASP that requires no instalation on the server. set up a search engine in less than five minuits
aspseek	ASPseek is a full-featured medium-to-large scale SQL-based Internet search engine. It consists of an indexing robot, search daemon and search frontend (CGI program). These programs are written in C++ using the STL library.
aspserver	Server Information is a ASP program that shows your server information.
aspsig	ASP Security Image Generator (CAPTCHA) a web-based dynamic image processing script for CAPTCHA test. Image files and components not required. Changable text and background color. Enable or disable image distortion. It is written for ASP in VBScript.
aspsqladmin	ASP SQL Admin is intended to be a place to control your SQL Server database with an ASP interface.  Add, Modify and Delete Tables, Stored Procedures and Records.
aspsqlblog	An blog written in classic ASP 2.0 using a Microsoft SQL database for storing your blog entries.  Features include a customizable graphic and CSS template and the ability to add/edit posts via an online WYSIWYG editor.
aspsysinfo	aspSysInfo is a script that produces a system info page in the same way that phpSysInfo does, with the difference that its written in ASP and designed to run on windows-servers.
asptango	ASP-Tango is a pure ASP Template Engine that provides powerfule, extensible and easy to use separation of HTML presentation and business logic.
asptemplate	ASP Template is an ASP/ASPX templating library aimed at separating code from HTML just like ITX and Smarty do for PHP.
aspthemeworks	ASP Theme Framework is a framework for defining complex display instructions for ASP applications that allows for rich, site-wide look and feel elements and can be used to make many different apps appear seemless within a single site.
asptimecards	Good clean &amp; attractive timecard and project time management application written in ASP using DreamWeaver Ultradev. Full template useage for ease of design changes.
asptracker	ASPTracker is a project which will create a BitTorrent Tracker in ASP.NET
asptree	aspTree is a web portal system and/or content management system (CMS) so basic and simple at first, based on MS Access (mdb) and JavaScript (JScript) on ASP language (not asp.NET), and wich functionality seems php-Nuke.
aspunit	Unit testing framework for testing Microsoft Active Server Pages (ASP)
aspunittest	AspUnit is a server-side unit testing framework for ASP.NET written in C#. AspUnit runs inside the context of an asp.net webserver process, and pauses webforms to provide a high level of analysis for your tests.
aspview	AspView is a ViewEngine implementation for Castle&#039;s MonoRail framework.\nIt is designed to be used from within VisualStudio 2005, to be able to use the productivity tools such as intellisense
aspwatcher	ASP Watcher is a high performance (smokin&#039;) MS Internet Information Server Monitoring package.  It is small, scaleable, and works pretty good.
aspwiki	ASPWiki is going to be the next generation Wiki. Building on the currently Wiki?s already great collaboration tools. ASPWiki will run on IIS or Apache web servers and will be able to use MySQL, MS SQL, Oracle, Access, or plan xml files to store content.
aspxblog	ASPXBLOG is a free web log application written in C#.net and uses XML to store the site data instead of setting up and using a database.
aspxdbac	ASP.NET DB Admin Control  is a small Web Application, contains basic database functions using ASP.NET including a database driven user authentication, adding new records, viewing records, editing and deleting records.
aspxmlrpc	An ASP library written in VBScript which implements both listener and client functionality.
asqlite	Web-based interface to SQLite databases with added &#039;restrictions&#039; that will allow full SQL ANSI 92 compliance for managing tables, data, views etc...
asqredir	asqredir is a small, fast and simple redirect plugin for the squid webcache. It can be used for redirecting or explicitely allowing requests based on url pattern matching.
asrooka	&#039;Asrooka!&#039; is a compact audio player for the Windows Operating system. It is small, cute and functional. Only mp3 files are currently supported but more are to come!
ass	A simple yet complete sudoku solver program written in C: it solves any kind of 9x9 sudokus, even those that require a backtracing approach.
ass-lss	Gestione Intranet AZIENDALE. Progetto per Esame ASS LSS
assameselinux	Localisation of Linux and related open source softwares into Assamese Language for free computing for Assamese people
assanka	Assanka is a weblog and web site framework written in PHP using a SQL RDBMS for data storage.  It contains a set of class libraries that can be reused for easy data access in PHP and has an emphasis on simplicity and usability.
assassin	A 3D first person shooter made with OpenGL, being put together by programmers that know C++, but are new to OpenGL.
assassin-3d-wb	Assassin game 3d engine for making games of type like Red Alert etc.Strategie engine , AI engine, multiplayer engine(not avbl
assassins	Assassins is a web-based engine designed to facilitate the running of an Assassins game.  Assassins is a real-time game popular on many college campuses and the web based engine helps run games and can even track user statistics.
asse	A flexible and powerful data editor for users of  Sybase database servers (Adaptive Server Enterprise version 11.x or better).
assemblyedit	AssemblyEdit is a powerful, lightweight and modern editor for the assembly low-level programming language, that works on Windows NT (NT/2000/XP/2003/Vista) systems.
assemblyline	A Win32 (98, Win2K, XP, etc) virtual printer that stores print jobs temporarily allowing users to assemble them into larger print jobs which are then sent to other printer drivers.  Useful for sending Faxes, building archives, front-ending PDFs etc.
assemblyview	The Editor for the Intermediate Language on Windows Platform based on .net framework.
assertj	A Java-based assertion checking framework. A good start for a Design by Contract (DBC) or  a Test-Driven development approach.
asset	ASSET is an open source Java application providing support to the modelling of maritime tactics.  User-defined performance files can be used to replace the generic data used for ships, submarines, weapons, sensors, and helos.
asset-eyes	An extensible easy to use and deploy hardware and software discovery tool that collects data via a zero footprint client and presents the results via a browser based UI with option to export in both CSV and XML format
asset-tracker	Inventory/asset tracking and management web application. Allows you to track any kind of asset, with a user-configurable number, type, and name of fields. It can hold multiple asset databases, and has a plugin system and simple authentication and access
assetfreehd	It is a program to check if videos files can be transcoded by vlc. If not, it is possible to translate them in a good format. This project can be used with Freebox and Freebox HD for exemple from the french FAI : Free
assetmanagement	Asset management Tracking system.  Will help IT IT technicians to keep track of computer or any other hardware (location, user, maintenance, leasing, cost).  Based on PHP5, Mysql and Apache
assetmanager	Asset Manager is tool to manage your software / hardware assets. It gives comprehensive details about softwares / hardwares used in a given network.
assetrecovery	Knoppix-based live linux .ISO will perform all the tasks required in a typical asset recovery process for PCs. Includes DOD data removal. Used for HIPAA, Sarbanes-Oxley, and FACTA data disposal regs. Data removal protects privacy and identity theft.
assetssosimple	AssetsSoSimple is a web based asset and purchasing management system, to track assets (barcode), parts, employees, ip addresses, requests for quotes and purchase orders (PDF enabled preview), timesheets (based on import from other DB or on manual entry).
assetwrangler	Asset Wrangler is a Hardware/Software Asset Management System for IT Professionals or anyone wanting to manage a lot of Assets, like computers, software, routers, hubs, switches, etc.
assi	ASI alias ASCII Screensaver Interpreter is an interpreter for creating nice Screensavers using the aalib.
assign-calc	Breaks down the research process into pre-defined steps. Users enter a start date and end date for an assignment and the Assignment Calculator will compute the dates s/he needs to complete each step. Written by the University of Minnesota Libraries.
assim	This tool facilitates for the user the understanding of texts found in chats and blogs. It can eliminate words with repeated letters and writing in upper/lowercase. Also it can substitute the words most common and some abbreviations.
assimilate3d	assimilate3d is a SDL/OpenGL mutliplatform 3D game engine. The goal is to experiment with 3D engine concepts and present the findings to amateur game programmers in an easy to understand format. Some features:  Quake3 BSP maps, key bindings, Quake consol
assimilator	Assimilator is a set of tools and services providing a self-monitoring, self-managing and self-healing environment for distributed computing.
assis	Assis will develop standards based tools and services enabling teachers to create innovative learning experiences incorporating formative assessment objects with sequencing instructions and students to access the materials using a newly developed player.
assist	Assist takes plain english commands and interpretes them to carry out a specified action. Example: &quot;remind me to hand in paper on monday&quot; will create a reminder in your PIM with the subject: &quot;hand in paper&quot;, due date being the very ne
assistant-print	Assistant Print-cipal is a print job management system designed for schools and other organizations that want a greater amount of control over the printing of many users.  It keeps a copy of every job for later viewing and can hold print jobs for review.
assl	ASSL (pronounced AY-sil), is a wrapper around CHP, an established async. process description language.  This project provides a set of tools that aid the design, simulation, and synthesis of async. VLSI circuits.  Common parser, independent tool projects
assmatpaie	Assmatpaie makes it possible to manage the guard of your children as well as the pay of your nurse.
assoc	A simple perl version of the windows 2000/XP assoc command line utility - aims to recreate and extend the functionality for windows users - can be used on both XP/2000 and other windows distributions - requires perl, and the Win32::TieRegistry perl modul
assoc-upload	A rails component that allows multiple file uploads and associations to objects plus the ability to define and retrieve usages for the file.
associacaolivre	Voltado para associações de funcionários, servidores e sindicatos, o AssociacaoLivre é um sistema de controle de gastos dos associados junto as empresas conveniadas.
associated	AssoCIateD (ACID) is a simple PHP CMS which was initially thought for an association (http://acabe.ecu.free.fr) but grew because of several demands. You may try it on the demo site : http://herve.labas.free.fr/demo
associates	THIS PROJECT IS NO LONGER SUPPORTED OR MAINTAINED. Business::Associates is a library to handle an XML interface to a retailer&#039;s associates or affiliates program. Currently, only the Amazon.com Associates program is supported.
associations	The Associations package aims to be a comfortable implementation of UML associations.
assorted	Assorted mini-projects (tools, libraries, configurations).
assortedwidgets	AssortedWidgets is an OpenGL+SDL GUI Library, developed for games, 3D techdemos and 3D applications, featuring BSD license, Delegate Code Style, Ability to define custom themes and Common Widgets and Layouts.
assp	The Anti-Spam SMTP Proxy (ASSP) Server project aims to create an open source platform-independent SMTP Proxy server which implements whitelists, Bayesian, and basic anti-virus filtering to rid the planet of the blight of unsolicited email (UCE).
asspa	A very simple commandline podcast aggregator, written in Perl.
assur	Database application framework in PHP
assyst	A linux kernel implementation of a distributed protocol to provide pro-active defence against Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks.
ast	A web based application which can keep track of stocks you are interested in, manage your portfolio and dividends, compare different stocks and sectors, and search the market for new prospects based on technical indicators.
ast-autocall	ast-autocall is a auto-originate call for asterisk.
ast-cppsock	Asterisk Manage API and FAGI C++ Framework. Implemented with high efficient OS independent Sockets wrapper (ACE). Provide C++ API wrappers for Asterisk Manager API and FAGI. A Manage API relay(proxy) server and a FAGI socket server will be implemented.
ast-dpc	An more efficient alternative for writing complex Asterisk dial plan files, without using the cumbersome line numbering scheme.
ast-hc	Allows to run voice or video codec on the separate host then Asterisk PBX host.
asta	Asterisk Supported Telecommunications Applications (ASTA) is aimed at standardising on an API for developing telephony applications on asterisk.  The goal is to simplify function calls to telepony system services for application developers.
astacala	Astacala Modularity and Secure Linking
astacd-activity	This simple php page show a list of queues and his members and agentes activity by quering Astrerisk through the Manager Interface, reloading itself every n seconds. Suggestions are welcome.
astap	Advanced Scripting for Tapestry
astatic	Web statistics/analysis
astatspro	A PHP Counter for content management system Joomla!TM and mamboOS, which perfectly use the Style of your Joomla!TM and mamboOS Backend Templates - http://astatspro.joom.la - atstatsPRO build on chCounter from www.christoph-bachner.net/chcounter
astbill	AstBill is a Web Based Billing, Routing and Management Software for Asterisk and VOIP running on Linux and MySQL. AstBill Provides pre and post paid billing services and have a calling card module. AstBill completely automates Asterisk and VOIP billing.
astbilling	Very simple perl billing script to rate Asterisk cdr real-time by user, extension and rate table. Uses MySQL as a backend. Asterisk Billing
astcentric	Developing a framework for supporting the shift from text-centric to Abstract-Syntax-Tree(AST)-centric programming. A prototype in Java already exits. It allows to study some of the implications of this new programming paradigm.
astciscoxml	astciscoxml is project composed of python generated XML interactive content provider of on-screen services to the Cisco 79XX Series IP Phones for the Asterisk PBX.
astconfigurator	The * Configurator is a web based configuration tool for the Asterisk PBX software package.
astcontrol	Fast, easy configuration and call control interface for Asterisk using XML over HTTP. Real-time and file based configuration.
astdeb	The astdeb project provides updated versions of asterisk pbx and related packages for users of Debian GNU/Linux stable release. The goal is to minimize the amount of change to the stable Debian distro.
astengine	ASTengine is an Open Source 3D engine with outstanding graphics and physics. It can be a base for a 3D game or demo.
aster	Aster reporter allows you to create custom SQL report&#039;s based, schedule some reports, export it to XLS, PDF, RTF, HTML and/or CSV.\nAster reporter is written in Java (Tapestry 3 / Spring) and support many Database with Hibernate to perssist the objec
aster-oid	Asteroid is a user interface for Asterisk and VOIP, easy to install and easy to use.
asteranwn	Lands of Astera is a Neverwinter Nights module that will act as a Persistant World. Current plans are AT LEAST 120 zones, 5 epic-dungeons, 30 micro-dungeons, 5 cities and 10 villages. It will use the CEP packs and will have highly customized world.
astercallcenter	The project&#039;s purpose is allow supervise a call center based on the Asterik PBX allowing generate reports about call center activity, e.g. agents activity, taken calls, lost calls. All this through web-interfase interfase written in PHP.
asterex	Asterex is a variant of the old arcade game Asteroids. Its eventual goal is to add a system for buying ship upgrades, nice graphics, and generally push the limits more than existing Asteroids clones while avoiding bloat.
asterfax	AsterFax provides an Email to Fax gateway for Asterisk. AsterFax lets you send an email by Fax. Enter the phone no. in the &#039;To&#039; address, compose your email message and click send. You can also fax a MS-Word document or other attachment.
asterion	Framework that adds security functions to Java web applications. It is used as an add-on for Struts framework. It is written in Java and provides web-commands for java web pages and provides several security services such as sequence control invocation.
asterisco-em	Asterisco Settings is a Webmin module to configure and manage Asterisk PBX
asterisk	Asterisk PBX Project Repository. This is a centralized location for various  components of the Asterisk PBX that are either in development or have not been merged into the Asterisk source tree.  This includes the Asterisk Documentation Project.
asterisk-bsd	This project maintains *BSD support for the Asterisk VOIP PBX.  It is a clearing house for exchanging code supporting Asterisk on FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD, OSX and related OSes for the purpose of testing and subsequently contributing code to Asterisk.
asterisk-dotnet	The Asterisk .NET library consists of a set of C# classes that allow you to easily build applications that interact with an Asterisk PBX Server (1.0/1.2 version).
asterisk-gw	This class behaves as a wrapper to the Asterisk Gateway Interface. It hooks into the standard input and output streams to send commands and receive results, offering consistent parsing of responses and verbose comments.
asterisk-java	The Asterisk-Java package consists of a set of Java classes that allow you to easily build Java applications that interact with an Asterisk PBX Server. It supports the FastAGI protocol and the Manager API.
asterisk-jtapi	Asterisk JTAPI enables third party call control of the Asterisk PBX for Java applications. It aims at office installations with central server applications such as call centers.
asterisk-nami	assman is a ncurses manager interface for asterisk.
asterisk-oh323	H.323 protocol support for Asterisk softPBX.
asterisk-sme7	Asterisk rpms for SME-server 7.0rc1 (CentOS 4.2) kernel-2.6.9-34.EL ONLY.
asterisk-stuff	This project provides a set of PHP scripts to access the VoiceMail application of Asterisk (www.asterisk.org) via web browser or the XML browser built into Cisco&#039;s 7040/7960 or 7905/7912 IP phone series.
asterisk4soho	This project will package the Asterisk PBX into a ready to install package with custom modifcations.  The aim is to allow ease of installation and maintenance.
asterisk4work	This is a working area for the public PABX project based on Asterisk. The goal is to develop a PABX solution for Government and business. We want a large scale implementation including a switchboard and user interface suitable for Government and business
asteriskad	Active Diretory integration for Asterisk, the popular Open Source Telephony Platform. Based on the work of Manuel Guesdon at Oxmium (free.oxymium.net/Asterisk)
asteriskadmin	Asterisk Admin is a php/ajax web app to manage realtime asterisk deployments. It supports both static and realtime configuration, and can manage any and all features found in asterisk 1.2+ that can be controlled through asterisk&#039;s realtime interface
asteriskathome	trixbox is an easy to install, VOIP phone system based on the Asterisk PBX. trixbox is designed for home or office use. trixboxs includes CentOS linux, SugarCRM, mysql, HUDlite, freePBX, and more. (formerly asterisk@home)
asteriskatwork	Developers Wanted - please contact the project admin. My (qldrob&#039;s) original plan seems to have fallen by the wayside, but I believe people are interested - please(!!) contact me!
asteriskbilling	Prepaid Billing Application for the Asterisk PBX. Use this to impliment pre-paid calling cards and virtual calling cards in your asterisk system
asteriskccs	This is an effort to build up a complete call center solution based on Asterisk PBX, including the complete management interface along with agents interface too. We&#039;ll be releasing it as an opensource project for the benefit of the community.
asteriskcds	Creation of a &quot;CTI&quot; like Call Data Server for use with SIP/Asterisk. The inital release will provide an interface to the Asterisk Manager for Call Event data and client interfaces for attaching User Data.
asteriskcpan	Asterisk Control Panel - a web based interface for managing configuration files (SIP.CONF, EXTENSIONS.CONF, VOICEMAIL.CONF), a template based AGI script (PHP), and caller status (CSR) using PHP and MySQL
asteriskcpp	Planning Port of Asterisk on C++ &amp; ACE
asteriskfeature	This project is to provide a place for people that wish to develop add-ons for the Asterisk VoIP PABX system (www.asterisk.org).   All pre-alpha, alpha, beta, non-working code, and ideas welcome.
asteriskgui	Asterisk GUI is a framework for the creation of graphical interfaces for configuring Asterisk.  Some example GUI&#039;s are included for users of varying technical expertise.  Asterisk-GUI is tightly coupled with Asterisk.
asteriskprsnc	Study and implementation of a module to add Presence Control functionality to asterisk to make available to end user as much information as possible.
asteriskrtadmin	Asterisk Realtime Administration. Administer realtime extensions, SIP users, voicemail all in realtime via a web interface. Works with the mysql asterisk realtime extension.
asterisksbta	A Screen-based telephone application that is a Java client to manage telephone calls of the Asterisk PBX. Features include authentication to * Call Manager, making calls(aka Originate a Call), viewing CallerID on incoming calls, and Message Waiting.
asterisksuite	It´s a complete All-in-one suite of Asterisk PBX, Asterisk Managment Portal (AMP), Flash Operator Panel, Asterisk Recording Interface, Sugar CRM and Integrated WebMeetMe GUI.
asteriskvoip	a telephony application to configure an asterisk (a well-known Private Branch eXchange) server on linux OS
asteriskvxml	A Asterisk Voice XML platform base on OpenVXI
astero	Asteroids-3D is one of the many 3D remakes of the classic Atari&#039;s &quot;Asteroids&quot; from 1979. Viewing your spaceship in 3rd person perspective, you have to destroy all asteroids that appear in front of your guns.
asteroidrecurse	Asteroids game with 3D fire, explosions, asteroids, and ships, made with OPENGL and Visual C++. Creates recursive spinning asteroids as fire and debris. 2D or 3D view. All objects made of 3D polygons, specular lighting, dynamic light positions.
asteroids	Asteroids game for the Pocket PC 2000 and greater
asteroids-ppc	Asteroids game for the Pocket PC 2000 and greater
asteroids3d	Asteroids 3D is a 3D flight-sim-style remake of the classic arcade game, which runs under Win32 with DirectX 8.1 or higher. This version contains new twists, such as timed waves, martian fighters, and communication satellites to defend!
asterweb	Asterweb is an Asterisk Realtime Configuration utility written in PHP. It configures the realtime settings for voicemail, extensions and sip buddies. Users can login with their voicemail user and pin and check their voicemail.
asterwin	Code_Aster Windows is the Windows port of the OpenSource FEM solver Code_Aster (www.code-aster.org).
astg	astg is an abstract syntax tree generator written in Java and following the unix philosophy. The current version of astg works with the CUP Parser generator but can be extended to work with other parser generators.
astgen	ASTGen automatically generates implementations of Composite pattern hierarchies of data objects from a simple, one-file description of the class hierarchy. ASTGen is written in and generates code for Java.  Includes an Ant task.
astguiclient	This software suite is designed to extend the functionality of the Asterisk PBX through platform-independant web-client applications. Includes the VICIDIAL inbound/outbound call center application. The suite is scalable across multiple Asterisk servers.
asthon	Asthon is a web frontend for realtime asterisk administration.
astiob	Astiob Scripts makes PHP-scripts for free use. We plan to have 3 script categories: mods, own projects and &quot;include&quot;-scripts, which can be used anywhere as includes. All them are written on PHP. :)
astjavabill	Asterisk GUI configuration, billing, routing, callback and calling card platform. This uses Asterisk-java to communicate with Asterisk realtime via manager api.
astjcti	A CTI Controller for asterisk based on the manager API providing features like live monitoring/remotely controlling extensions, CTI PopUps ,customizable user access controls and open integration with other modules like predictive dialers.
astl	ASTL Automata Standard Template Library Lemaout-Revuz
astlibrary	ASTLibrary. Online library script for publishing articles and books.
astlinux	AstLinux is a custom Linux distro centered around Asterisk, the Open Source PBX. AstLinux has many features that make it ideal for embedded and commercial Asterisk based solutions.
astmail	Web interface to Asterisk voicemail written in php.  Includes some AJAX components such as LDAP-suggest, and user-lookup. Includes screens for forward by email and sms configuration.
astman	AM - Asterisk PBX GUI Configuration/Management System. AM provides a HTML interface for creating Asterisk configuration (.conf) files. It also allows you to remotely manage and monitor your PBX.
astmanager	A web-based management Plattform for the famous Asterisk PBX. Create or delete Users, manage your Voicebox, create simple or up to high complex Dialplans in a simple way.
astmaneclipse	Documentation of Asterisk Manager Plugin for Eclipse
astplandesigner	A graphical tool to design Asterisk dial plan (extension.conf). All you need to do is to drag, drop and set properties. Dial plan is presented as a directional graph. You can save the graph to an .conf file and put it in your Asterisk box.
astprepaid-fbsd	Prepaid calling card system for Asterisk based on Postgresql with full AAA capabilities and simultaneous use prevention to be compiled only on FreeBSD.\n(Based on Asterisk prepaid calling card - http://www.voip-info.org/wiki-Asterisk+callingcard )
astqueuestats	This project aims to build a graphical reporting engine for the Asterisk PBX inbound queue system
astra-pax	Astra Pax is a space simulator. Trade goods through the many star systems, sign on with the navy, chase bounties, rent out your services, turn to piracy, try your skills on the race circuit, or just explore. The stars are yours.
astral	Astral is a network monitoring/visualization system.
astral-revol	Astral Revolutions is a Third Person 2.5D Adventure game set in a multiplanar universe near the year 2200.
astralaura	A software development kit that allows users to make and host persistant online worlds they, others, can explore. The SDK incudes several user-friendly utilities to edit and customize your project.
astraldragon	This project is an RTS game using a Final Fantasy theme and is being developed as a requirement for an Associate Degree in Game Design from Full Sail in Orlando, Florida.
astralflight	Attempt to get the enjoyment of the original starflight - with the exploration, trading, ship upgrades, etc.
astralx	A client-server based framework for building 3d applications. Intended to be used for Virtual Reality.
astramap	This project is for downloading and viewing google maps prividing via google.com services. It can download maps and store its local.
astrar	Astrar is a project that writes a realtime strategic space game. The player is the commander of a starfleet and has to fight against an extraterrestrial species. The game is rendered in 3D, based on OpenGL.
astray	A STReam relAY for forewarding streams from the internet to the local area network.
astree	Smart Justice solution
astreproduce	AST Reproduce is a plugin for the Eclipse IDE. The purpose of this plugin is to generate code, that creates an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) node. AST Reproduce expects as input an example AST node.
astroalgorithms	AstronomicalAlgorithms is a FREE portable ANSI C implementation of some of the algorithms published in Astronomical Algorithms by Jean Meeus (2nd edition, December 1998, Willmann-Bell ISBN 0943396638)
astroarm	Astrocytes is a hacking project for cms made in php.
astrocam	AstroCam is an C based daemon process for unix to control stepmotors via smc800 cards. AstroCam also includes an PHP-4.3 based WebInterface for remote Stepengine control. You can control webcams with it.
astroccd	Control Applications for Astronomical CCD Cameras
astrodatabase	Zabeel AstroDatabase Engine
astrofits	Multiplatform and Open Source project for astronomical image processing
astrofun	General astronomy routines
astrog	Astrog is a library for performing astronomical calculations, accelerated by using a graphics processing unit (GPU).
astrogame	J2ME MIDP 1.0 game
astrogrep	AstroGrep is A Microsoft Windows GUI File Searching (grep) utility. Features include regular expressions, versatile printing options, stores most recent used paths and has a &quot;context&quot; feature which is very nice for looking at source code.
astrohalaxy	General purpose scientific framework and its astronomy samples
astroinfo	Astro Info is a multi-lingual astronomical ephemeris for the PalmOS that provides data for our solar system and other objects. The project is NOT in active development. If you wish to get involved, please download a copy of the source code from CVS.
astrokeep	Astronomy helper application with times, log entry system, star information.
astrolab	Astrolab is a virtual astronomy laboratory which can simulate most astronomical phenomena.
astrolanguage	A new fancy programming language is supposed to describe formally various events astrologers analyze in their practice. Lightweight, built on Flex/Bison, implemented as a library to use in 3rd party products.
astrolog	Application for logging, planning, and searching astronomy observations.  Written in Python/Tkinter with support for xmlrpc/SOAP as a secondary goal.
astrolognet	The AstroLog.NET project provides a software solution for logging, planning, and recording astronomical observations and a set of tools for general astronomical calculations for deep-sky, lunar, and planetary observations on the .NET platform.
astrolom	- Under construction -
astromessier	Astromessier its an open source astronomical Software. It gives you information about the principal objets of the sky.coordinates and magnitude an let you create a log for your observations.
astron	AsTron is a game created by Zdeno Hlinka of Satori and supported by Time&#039;s Up. The game is a mixture of old-school graphics styles and organic 2d images created with Zden&#039;s Circulation visual engine.
astronomy	Astronomy is an open-source game engine for Windows supporting OpenGL (with modern hardware capabilities support), OpenAL, DirectInput, multithreading, scripting, physics.
astroobs	A CMS type web based application that allows amateur astronomers to share observations through images and text
astroseries	As of now, November 16, 2006, this project isn&#039;t really active anymore. Thanks to the Stratagus Team and to all the people that in one way or the other helped Astroseries RTS become a reality. For newest Astroseries stuff, visit www.astroseries.com
astrospaces	AstroSPACES is the world&#039;s first open source social networking solution. Coded from scratch, it is highly efficient and very easy to use.
astroweka	AstroWeka is a set of extentions to Weka, a popular data mining program, which which allows it to work directly with astronomical data in the Virtual Observatory.
astrumfutura	Multiplayer space strategy game written in PHP5 with the Zend Framework. User interface uses Javascript/AJAX for dynamic interaction. Players compete across a hexagonal map of 10,000 sectors, planets, stars and other locations through trade and combat.
astrxtools4osx	A Cocoa foundation framework based deamon that raises events based on Asterisk Manager Interface and executes assoicated AppleScripts to add cool PBX functionality to your OS X environment. The end user enjoys integration with common Apple applications.
asttapi	AstTapi, an opensource Asterisk Tapi driver for windows. This allows users of TAPI compliant applications such as Outlook and Act to dial contacts directly from the application using an Asterisk PBX Server.
asturpilotes	This software will aid to design deep foudations according to state of the art techniques and to local and international regulations.\nThis will be the final studies project of some students (programmers and engineers) that will participate on it.
astweb	AstWeb - An Asterisk PBX Web based management and client access tool written in PHP. Allows access to PBX configuration, CDRs, Voicemail, and more...
astwebpanel	Web framework for configuration and management of Asterisk systems.
astyle	A Free, Fast and Small Automatic Formatter for C, C++, C#, and Java Source Code
astyleclipse	Artistic Style Eclipse Plugin for formatting C/C++ source files, it aims to be used for CDT environment
asu-service	Aim of the project is to make a robust framework for software updating. From driver updates to desktop applications we want you to update it all.Framework will allow asu plugins to be made and devs to run own servers to update docs/media and others.
asudoku	This is a java based SuDoKu game. This game will be featuring a very good problem generator, which will be categorrized according to difficulty level. It may also become a problem solver in the future.
asuecetpublish	Asuecetpublish contains software results from ASU East&#039;s Software Technology Process class.
asuite	ASuite is an application launcher. It is designed to work with removable storage (uses relative paths) media like USB sticks, hard drives, iPods, etc.
asumi-task-m	ASUMI is basically oriented to programmers, but it also can be used in every scope of your life, it doesn&#039;t pretend to show off or unfold a thousand of functions, it only pretends to manage tasks that should be executed in a short term.
asuml	asuml provides an API to be used in applications with UML graphics
asunder	Asunder is a graphical CD ripper and encoder. It supports WAV, MP3, Ogg Vorbis, and FLAC. It has CDDB support and can create M3U playlists. It aims to make CD ripping as quick and easy as possible.
asunit	AsUnit is the only open-source unit test framework that supports Flash Players 6, 7, 8 and 9.
asurabb	A simple to use yet powerful open source PHP bulletin board software.
asuro	A library for the small and inexpensive mobile robot ASURO.
asus-l5d-hotkey	Hotkey handler for Asus L5D - this will eventually be included in the powersave package but for those wanting support for their hardware now it is included here.
asvcs	A Simple Version Control System is an easy to install and use version control system. It is written entirely in PHP and stores data in a SQL database. ASVCS is a great choice for those who not need or want the complexity of most version control systems.
asverd	aSVERD is a little system for generating Entity Relationship Diagrams (ERD) as Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG). SVG can be viewed and zoomed in a Web Browser. The diagrams can be edited with an SVG editor and round-trip updated against the database.
asvntest77	be as comprehensive and formal as the Registration Description (next step), so feel free to use concise
asw	Today you have come to rule the civilization that is called Humans into war. The old Conclave laws are falling behind, and there are new enemies and alies you will encounter. You will manage reaserch, ship development,  combat, economy, diplomacy.
aswebcontrol	Multi-Site/Server Monitoring and Management for Web Services and QOS Assurance and Reporting.
aswing	AsWing is an ActionScript GUI framework and library that let programmer make their flash application(or RIA) UI easily, its usage is similar to Java Swing(JFC). It provides a set of GUI components with a pluggable look and feel and utility classes.
asxa	asxa: Cross Assembler for Philips XA Microcontrollers. Included is a monitor in XA assembly language with a disassembler a a debugger.
asxmlp	A tiny, compact XML Parser written in Java that is less than 6K in size when compiled using JDK 1.3, that can be used in either a J2SE or J2ME envioronment.
asylia	A OpenGL project, group project of Immortal Soft Werks.
asylum	Asylum will build and run all the commands needed to build songbird. With little user input needed. This tool will be for both beginners and advanced users. This will do those cumbersome commands for you! All you have to know to use this is just English!
asymptote	Asymptote is a powerful descriptive vector graphics language for technical drawing, inspired by MetaPost but with an improved C++-like syntax. Asymptote provides for figures the same high-quality level of typesetting that LaTeX does for scientific text.
async	Asynchronous socket library, providing event-driven socket programming ? la MFC CAsyncSocket. The socket library can also be used in blocking mode as an ordinary C++ socket library.
async-j	async-j is an architecture for building long-running, high-performance network servers in java. Based on java?s nio library, yet shields the nio?s bugs and complexities. Using object-oriented design for extendibility and low dev &amp; maintenance costs.
asyncaction	An alternative to SwingWorker for performing asynchronous tasks in Swing. We merge SwingWorker.java with the Action interface, resulting in AbstractAsynchronousAction.java. A concrete extenstion of this class can be used in place of any Action.
asyncevent	The AEM project page has migrated to http://sourceforge.net/projects/aem or click on &quot;Project Home Page&quot; to go to the new AEM home page.
asyncfaces	This project offers an integration solution for JavaServer Faces (JSF) and Ajax. It makes most of JSF component Ajaxable. You can add Ajax functionality without rewrite your components!
asyncframework	This project aims to develop a simple model and framework for making asynchronous calls in Java. The framework will support using simple POJO patterns for asynchronous interactions including via in-memory, web services and messaging technologies.
asyncfree	OpenSource component library for serial communication
asynchrony	A production-tested Java asynchronous http client, implemented with NIO.
asynchttp	An extension of the Python Library module &#039;asynchat&#039; to support highly scaleable HTTP clients. We intend to learn from, and use pieces of, the excellent &#039;httplib&#039; module.
asyncmsgfw2	AsyncMessageSystemFramework Version2,It&#039;s a framework component of the Async Message System encapsulate multithreading and concurrent implement( Jar Package )
asyncnn	AsyncNN is a implementation of a neural network that allows individual neurons to run asyncronously. The network allows dynamic creation of new links AND neurons. This software will eventually provide a platform for exploring live training. Need feedback
asyncobjects	The asyncobjects framework is intendend for implementing event-driven network applications. It provides higher level API if compared with Java NIO. Initial code is based asyncobjects prototype from sebyla.sf.net project.
asyncsocket	AsyncSocket is a python module used for asynchronous socket connections that supports connection and read/write timeouts.
asysite	The convenient and powerful tool for creation of sites.
asyuro	Asyoro is a lite ajax framework for sending the messages to the server(servelet,JSP,ASP,PHP or others) and then update the target dom object.
at-gallery-box	This Plone-CT-Bundle contains contenttypes that should be build up an interactive and easy to use gallery with some gimmicks, like JS-based change of the preview-image. The CT&#039;s also be multilangual.
at-log-it	@LOG is a highly agile AOP Logging framework that will greatly reduce the abundant complexity with Logging in Java Community using AspectJ.
at-media-page	ATMediaPage is a simple and easy to use Plone Page which can contain ATImages. It based on Archetypes and use the standard ATImages with scaling.
at-minus-minus	@-- is a simple interpreter for integrating into your C# application. It may be used for plugins.
at-vda	VME Data Acquisition System for the Experimental Nuclear Physics Department of the ATOMKI
at-xml	XML Proxy / Web Service that wraps the TurtleBeach AudioTron API
at2-extreme	EXTREME-4-apache2triad is a collection of some of the best sites, portals(CMS&#039;s), server tools, etc. All preinstalled and ready to run with Apache2Triad. All you need to do is log in. Includes oscommerce, phpBB( with 30 preinstalled themes), PostNuk
at51programmer	Programmer for Atmels 8051 devices, parallel Flash and E2PROM memories and etc.
at76c503a	Driver for wirless ethernet devices using the Atmel AT76C503A chip, including the DLink DWL-120 adapter.
at90usb-zd1211	This project provides an inexpensive solution to 802.11g wireless communication using off the shelf hardware and open source technologies. This uses the Atmel AT90USB micro and the ZyDas ZD1211B wireless chipset. Developed by David Garske of Wibotics.com
at91-udp	Linux Device Driver fot the Atmel AT91RM9200&#039;s USB Device Port.  A module for Arm-Linux.
ata	engine for multi-language translation
atab	Advanced Tab Program for APDA (and perhaps other) debate tournaments.
atabaque	XML/HTML based tool for colaborative process modeling. The process content is stored as XML documents, transformed into HTML using XSL templates. It´s useful to generate processes web sites (like RUP) having separation between content and exhibition.
atacama	Atacama is a Java based web photo gallery generator app. It creates W3C compliant XHTML sites through GUI controls, and using templates and CSS docs. Supports all browsable media files. Provides resizing of JPG files with configurable size and quality.
atacc	An Ada To ANSI C Compiler targeted towards small embedded systems who lacks an Ada compiler but have an ANSI C Compiler.
atach	ATACH: A Teacher, Assignment, and Class Handler. Written in PHP and MySQL, ATACH keeps track of assignments, classes, and teachers in a school environment. Features XHTML compliant output and a clean, uncluttered interface.
atacommunicator	Disk Communicator is a small system utility used to monitor your ATA devices status. Disk Communicator can be used to predict the failure of the HDD using SMART. It is developed using VC++ and currently available for Windows platform.
atactics	Advanced Tactics is a 2D turn-based-strategy game for Microsoft Windows using DirectX.
atag	ATag JSP Tag Library. ATag is a light-weight framework for creating &#039;true&#039; MVC GUIs for HTML clients.
atah	Framework for delivering accessible content from semantic information sources
atak	The ATAK project aims to facilitate the integration of a wide variety of modeling, graphing, network sensing, penetration testing and analysis tools in a single user interface in order to lower the cost of assessing and hardening computer networks.
atak-avv	The year is 2050. Wars between nations have been outlawed. Instead, the new warriors are the Elite programmers of every nation. Wars are fought in a virtual arena using automated bots that are controlled using a computer language similar to C.
atalebegins	Enter a world of fantasy and myth where you may choose the life of a peasant, be forced into slavery, become a hero or a great Mage (aristorcrat). Remember you get to choose your destiny!! Stay tuned for the website it shall be upon you soon!
atalk-secure	rooted in SCOT.
atan1	Atan is an Interface to Soccer-Server of Robocup\\&#039;s simulation league. It should allow you (and allowed me) to concentrate on the job of controlling your clients without worrying about the following features offerd by Atan. As programming language J
atanator	NAC is a collection of tools for cryptography. The goal is to provide simple-to-use crypto tools (like an OTP, String and number generator, public key algorithm...) you can use under Linux, Windows...
ataparty	A C# Windows application that provides an alternative method of controlling the Turtle Beach Audiotron network-enabled MP3 player using the Turtle Beach Audiotron API
atar215-linux	This Project provides open source LINUX drivers for the ADSL-USB-Modem &quot;AT-AR 215&quot; by Allied Telesyn.
ataraxia	Ataraxia will provide a generic internet gaming framework in java. Board, table, card games will be easy to be developed! bridge, hearts, spades, rummy, go, connect-4, chess, checkers, monopoly, risk, mahjong and more will come! JXTA P2P will be tested.
ataraxis	Ataraxis is a blogging tool that focuses on making the blogging experience as simple and quick as possible.  By careful design, Ataraxis aims to provide a simple blogging tool that has all the features of other top of the line software.
atari-jybolac	Software for Atari 8bit computers, including games, utilities and demos, written in C (cc65) and 6502 assembly. JYBOLAC (Just Your Basic On Line Atari Computer) is a group of developers creating software for A8s using Windows, UNIX, emulators and Ataris.
atari8	Several tools for Atari 8bit computers and posix environment: zooey - crossassembler, franny - atr image editor and yvonne - picture viewer.
atari800	Emulator of Atari 800/800XL/130XE/5200 with various extensions (320kB RAM, stereo sound and more) running on just about every operating system (Unix/Linux, Windows, DOS, TOS, MacOS, Workbench, WinCE...)
atari8bit-ide	Assembly language IDE for atari 8-bit computers. Based on Netbeans Platform or Eclipse Rich Client Platform.
atariemu	Emulator of 8-bit Atari (130XE, 800XL, ...) for Linux/Dos(DJGPP) with loader from cassete and convertor to AtariEmu file format.
atarux	Atar/UX aims to allow Atari-Bit 8 bit bbs&#039;s to connect to the internet via a Linux box. It uses an sio2pc cable, and makes the Atari believe the Linux Box is a host of disk drives, a printer, and a modem handler.
atasm	ATasm is a 6502 command-line cross-assembler that is compatible with the original Mac/65 macro assembler released by OSS software.  The aim of ATasm is to provide Atari home-brew coders with a comfortable and powerful toolset.
atatk	&quot;A Ticket, A Task Kit&quot; is a database/interface project to provide an Open Source solution for theatrical ticket sales management and other theatrical house management tasks.
atatl	An implementation of a plugin for RELAX NG validators that supports the Datatype Library Language (DTLL)
atavi	Atavi is an interactive genealogical data visualization tool. It uses XSLT to transform XML data into SVG (Scable Vector Graphics) images. Deploy it as a Java servlet and explore visualizations from a browser that supports SVG. GEDCOM import is planned.
ataxx32	A basic Win32 version of the classic game Ataxx. Players may compete against each other either locally, via a network or against the computer. This program is a single file with no dependencies. No install is required.
atbb	AT/BB is a Bulletin Board (forum) engine project which will have most of the features seen in a commercial board. It is planned as alternative to the free BBs currently existing (PHPBB, SMF and others). The project is held by Advanced Technologies CG.
atbot	This project aims to produce a program which can automatically trade through Interactive Brokers. The plattform for automated trading bots (ATBOT) wants to be robust, flexible and scalable. ATBOT can serve as a stub for complex automatic trading systems.
atc-xsolus	A highly advanced Air Traffic Control Simulation written in Java, running standalone or in distributed multi-player mode using JORAM JMS, Sonic MQ, or Tibco.
atc2	atc2 is a rewrite of the old unix game atc. It provides multi-player networking support, multiple displays and a lot of different realistic plane types on different maps. Additionally obstacles on the ground and in air are used in the maps.
atca-hotswap	This project provides Advanced TCA Hotswap software under GPL to support hotswap of these architectures.
atcipher	The Algebraic Toy Cipher is a toy cipher for algebraic research. It is scalable in the number of bits and in the number of rounds. Works over two fields GF(2)/P, being one for the s-box invertion and the other for the mixing layer linear transformation.
atcms	AspectCMS is more customizable then any other CMS. Allowing you to change language files simply and easily. With a ultimate selection of themes and a plugins, it will be the most cusom looking and functioning. Small file size and compatability.
atcsignup	An ATC Signup Page for Flyin and other Events, which was initially designed for use by members of VATUSA (www.vatusa.org), and is now being used around the world by users of VATSIM (www.vatsim.net).
atctowersim	This program once finished will allow the user to train for Air Traffic Controlling at the following Positions: Tower, Ground, Clearance Delivery and possibly Ramp control. Hopefully will support both single, multiple users, and a client-server connectio
atd	&#039;After the Darkness&#039; will be a full plugable and dynamic next generation browsergame engine. It means, that the game-genre, units, races and quests can be changed easily with a few clicks.
atdisplay	ATdisplay generates highly configurable custom display information - song, date/time, and info from the web, like weather - for the Turtle Beach AudioTron networked digital music player, and manages the AudioTron display up-to-the-second in real time.
atdor	ATDOR is a program to store and process results for track and field (athletics) competitions. ATDOR wil use latest available technology to improve the organisation of meetings and delivering better services for participants and spectators.
atech-tools	ATECH Tools is set of tools intended for developers. It contains I18 tools, Swing/AWT tools (Layout,Components) and some tools for Hibernate (id, mgmt tool, export, import). Some classes have minor bugs but most of them are already used in projects.
atechhotdeals	Simple Perl script to generate a summary of the threads in the Anandtech Hot Deals forum. It can be placed in an active content frame on the windows desktop, so as soon as new hot deals come up you can see them.
atecxx	As of this time ACSII Text Enlager has been written in c++ for linux/unix type operating systems in console mode. Future improvments include command line arguments, and perhaps a more grapichal enviroment.  Current Features are converting a string of alp
ated	A tilemap editor for Allegro.
atedit	A.T.Edit is a Tcl/Tk based Text editor. It works on X Window System and Microsoft Windows. Also it works as front end of IBM English-Japanese translation software (for Japanese).
atelier	Graphical interface for production management. Created as a school project, but may become somewhat more serious.
ateliernounours	Shopping framework to make web based shop. This application is based on PRADO for PHP and PROPEL. It is intended to move it to Zend Framework ASAP.
atemu	Atemu and Xatdb provide a simulator and debugger for devices and networks made up of AVR microprocessor devices, such as the MICA2 Mote.
atena	Atena ? il primo programma topografico rilasciato con licenza Open Source che usa PREGEO 8 come motore di calcolo. Le funzionalit? previste sono: creazione visuale di punti, disegno di contorni, creazione curve di livello, DTM3D, profili e sezioni, ecc..
ateneo	An easy-to-use yet powerful tool for working with textual variants, intended to have application principally in the study of manuscripts and help with visualizing textual relations and constructing editions.
atengine	A set of Perl scripts for website content management. Includes a user manager, an encrypted journal, a simple blog parser, CGI counter, web calendar, and photo album generator. Still a little clunky. Tested with Linux/Apache.
atenteben	A cross-platform multi track audio recording, beat production and mixing software.
atenzakm	Atenza&#039;s K-Meleon Community Edition is a customized version of K-Meleon.
atenzakz	KompoZer is a wysiwyg HTML editor (Nvu/Composer fork) aimed towards advanced users. My cutsom veriosn will take more cutsomizations.
atenzaneofx	Atenza&#039;s (also named Neo-B5F) Firefox builds from previous B5F (Big-5 Fixed) Community Edition. It gives most common tune up so that can be work on computer can run Firefox. Both SFX file and installer are available.
atenzaneotb	Atenza&#039;s (also named Neo-B5F) Thunderbird builds from previous B5F (Big-5 Fixed) Community Edition. It gives most common tune up so that can be work on computer can run thunderbird. Both SFX file and installer are available.
ateprog	ATEProg is project to write software which can program AT89xx and AT89x051 microcontroler chips (and others) in ATE2000 programer (and others).
aterm	aterm is the X Terminal Emulator. Originated from rxvt 2.4.8 it strives to provide user with complete control over its look. Features include fast transparency with shading and tinting, NeXTish scrollbar, fading when unfocused and more.
atesa	An automated reverse engineering tool for extracting software design structure from input source code. Atesa could be used to automatically identify and visualize major design patterns inside the target software.
atethernet	Embedded Ethernet Protocols
atevents	@Events is a framework that let you manage different educational events (like conveign, ecc..) those require users preregistrations.
atf-additions	A collection of plugins to complement the Ajax Toolkit framework project.
atftplocalnet	aftplistenlocal patch forces atftp daemon to listen on local network address so tftp clients can communicate.
atg-tools	The ATG Dynamo Tools and Utilities project is an open source repository of tools and utilities to establish and manage a commerce and/or portal site using the ATG Dynamo product.
atgdeveloper	ATG Developer is a set of tools integrated into your favorite IDE (Eclipse for now) to assist developers developing on the ATG Dynamo platform.
atglas	AtGLas is a Portable Atlas coded with C++ using OpenGL, DevIL, audiere and ffmpeg. Runs Ok on Linux, needs work on Windows, not tested on Mac. Needs code cleaning, internationalization (its in spanish) and more content
atguard	Personal firewall for your Linux desktop. Builds a firewall ruleset based on YOUR input so your machine can operate safely and securely.
ath	We needed an efficient, easy to configure, affordable, reliable, and flexible HTTP(S) load balancer for our three-tier (n*proxy / n*app / n*db) web software. So we wrote it! Configuration managed in apache, with mirroring and monitoring capabilities.
ath5	SOCKS 5 compatible proxy, written in Java. Authenticates users, authorises connections and logs activity to a database. Intended for Instant Messaging, but much more capable.
atheism-v2	A very advanced MP3 announcement and away script for X-Chat.
athelias	Athelias is an RPG for the Well of Souls engine. The goal of this project is to further the growth and development of Athelias by creating a new engine under which Athelias can be run.
athelion	Athelion is a GNU open source 2-d arcade top-view scrolling realtime space-themed shooter game, where you enter arenas with other spaceships and battle. The game itself is 2d, but the engine is done in 3D with OpenGL. Currently only Windows binaries.
athena	A simple website management system written in oo php that uses a mysql database to store user and group rights and the site content.
athena-dpl	Athena is an interactive theorem prover, liberated from the &quot;proofs are types&quot; dogma!
athena-research	Athena is a light-weight PHP &amp; MySQL note keeper for teachers and students to keep track of their research projects. It allows to add notes and resource references, and work on multiple projects at once. It&#039;s purpose is to keep related data grou
athenacf	A Component Framework for enabling development and deployment of Adaptive Component-based Applications, mostly based on the Java Annotation Technologies.
athenacl	Modular, polyphonic, poly-paradigm algorithmic music composition in a cross-platform interactive command-line environment written in Python and providing musical output in Csound, MIDI, audio file, XML, and text formats.
athenacms	Free Web Publishing System[tm] is free software.  It is an open-source, PHP-based content management system, using an SQL backend for storing of content/site settings and HTML templates for page layout.
athenaeum	Athenaeum - The FictionBook Reader
athenaforums	Athena Forum System aims to provide features on a par with paid, professional message board systems, minus the bloat. It is being designed from the ground up for usability and ease of customisation. Requires PHP and MySQL.
athenamp	AthenaMP is a library that provides generic components for parallel programming written in OpenMP / C++. It can be used to learn more about concurrent programming by examining the source-code, but most of the components can also be used as they are.
athenarms	AthenaRMS is a Request Management System written in PHP. Easy to install and customize, it can be tailored for multiple user groups including custom fields and forms. Supports web and email input, and individual response or mass email to common problems.
athenetool	AtheneTool - A 0.001 version of what i hope will be a PHP based website management system for virtual domains/email - assumes the use of Apache/PHP/Mysql/ and Postfix/Courier-imap and Maildrop for virtual email accounts. Awstats for weblog analysis.
athens	Athens is a J2EE web application UI framework that takes meta-programming to it&#039;s logical extreme by using reflection to programatically generate the User Interface.  It is especially suitable for rapid prototyping of new applications.
atheon	Atheon is a Windows based server/client program. It provides a clear example of several types of sockets and methods of encryption for developers. It is well commented and documented for education and easy incorporation into other programs.
atheria	A customizable, scriptable multiuser role-playing game (MMORPG-style) engine, intended for use with small party adventuring rather than world-spanning multiserver games.
athfs	AthFS is the Linux kernel Module for the AtheOS File System used by AtheOS and Syllable Operating Systems.
athionquests	The Athion Quests is a graphical chat system that will soon be made into an online RPG.
athlete	The Athlete is a virtual robot living in the ODE (Open Dynamics Engine)world. An evolution algorithm is implemented based on the DR-EA-M to optimize its performances. This involves a Genetic algorithm, network of neurons and morphology. All is in java.
athletixpalm	Athletix is a fully-featured exercise log for Palm OS. Formerly a commercial product by NormSoft, Inc., Athletix is now being made available as open source. Athletix is no longer supported by NormSoft, so please don&#039;t contact them for help.
athlonforums	Welcome! The Athlon Forums is a public open source forums system. It is now at the version 1.7.1b (currently released in files section). The Official Site is http://sphere.thegames.it/athlonforums/.  Enjoy!
athlonmemcfg	A tool for adjusting the memory timings/clock speed of Athlon64`s built-in memory controller from the OS.
athosframework	Athos Persistence is a open source object-relational persistence for java. Athos is a mapping tool that allows transparent persistence.
athosrfid	Athos-RFID is a framework that aims to enable the development of distributed system to communicate heterogeneous RFID readers. The developers is abstracted by use services like serial communication, safe and distributed communication, event management.
athscap	Sporting club management software. Designed to maintain a small athletics club. Simplifying such tasks as club finances, tracking membership, creating simple html/website pages, calculating handicaps and reporting results for club events.
atic	ATIC is a new internet scripting language, with many interesting new features. The ATIC project includes ATIC (the ATIC interpreter), ATIC Browser Plugin (lets ATIC pages run in web browsers: IE6, Firefox, Netscape, Opera, Safari) and ATIC-Weaver.
atictm	ATI Close-to-the-Metal\nThis project is a collection of sample code, libraries, utilities and documentation based on the ATI Close-to-the-Metal API for GPGPU applications.
atil	ATiL is a automated testing framework that uniforms window application testing and web application testing in IE, Firefox, and other browsers. It includes a core library based on UI Automation, a window declaration code generator, a data-driven framework
atilo	&#039;Atilo&#039; is a reversi (Othello) game under Gnome. There are several level of game, from beginners to confirmed (up to 10 levels of analyse ahead). There are also several strategies (program try to maximise his number of pawns, try to minimize, e
atim2006	The goal of the project is the automatic treatment of an agenda pictures in order to convert it into a digital agenda.
atimgallery	PHP dynamic Gallery with template
atinachile	Software para comunicar comunidades, basado en Drupal.
atioptimizer	ATi Optimizer optimizes your ATi Radeon Video card experience. Games will run smoother, and you will have a higher Frame Per Second rate. Once you have installed and activated your product, the ATi Optimizer will work on all ATi Radeon cards.
atitd2ca	Cooking Assistant is a tool to help players make good recipes in the online game A Tale In The Desert 2. See also http://wiki.atitd.net/tale2/Users/Gada/Cooking
atitdpyrosim	This application simulates the in-game behavior of fireworks designed for the game A Tale in the Desert (http://www.atitd.com).
atitunereditor	A channel tuner editor for the ATI Multimedia Center, with frequency support (at last!)
ativideo	This is a BeOS video capture media addon and driver for ATI All in Wonder 128, ATI All in Wonder [Pro] and ATI-TV addon boards.
atjflashcard	[--This project has been moved to XRF and is no longer supported. Search &#039;XRF&#039; for the new project--]
atjgames	The beginning of a new game which implements aspects of both shooters and strategy genres.
atjsmenu	DHTML PullDown/Popup Menu Widget for web page using JavaScript. Supports icon, sub menu, item whose checkbox/radioButton, separator, customizable CSS, cookie to remember checkbox/radioBtn, keyboard handling. Programmed like Java Swing menu
atk	An unofficial follow-on to the venerable Andrew Toolkit.  Not all of the orginal applications will be supported, but the ez editor among other apps still remains.
atl1	This is the community project to maintain and develop the Linux kernel driver for the Attansic L1 gigabit ethernet adapter.
atla	Atlantida is an open source multilingual dictionary written in Java. It can translate words from one language to another and pronounce them. As of version alpha 0.15, Atlantida uses XDXF dictionary format.
atlantal	Java J2EE Web Portal and Content Management System.
atlantibot	A project for the development of bots and scripts. An Atlantibot automates part, or all, of the process of order generation in the Atlantis fantasy, Play By eMail game (PBeM). e.g. Mapping and sentry monitoring. Working towards fully automated factions.
atlantika	Public Translation of Html files.\nPre-alpha complex project based on JAVA and HTML files.\nAbout l2j.
atlantinstall	This project is designed for installing PHP-GTK2 applications onto a users system as an alternative to using PEAR. However theoreticly, it can install anything.
atlantis	Atlantis is a PBEM Game engine which is used to create many different strategy wargames today and for the past decade. This project is a large community effort.
atlantiscomprot	Communication protocol for advanced clients of talker Atlantis (now running at atlantis.talker.sk). No implementation. No source code. Only specfication.
atlantisgame	This project intends to develop an open-source 3d RPG settled in Atlantis. At the time of writing this description we were not really sure of exact game stats-for further information, see README. If there is no README, it will be available soon(we hope)
atlantisjava	This is based on the Atlantis rule set and data. It is a complete rewrite from the ground up in Java.
atlantismmorpg	Atlantis - A free MMORPG engine, mainly designed for WIN32 platforms
atlantisos	AtlantisOS - An operating system designed from scratch, implemented without using older code and made to be the best
atlantispbem	Host Programm for a play-by-e-mail game. Generates turn reports for the players from their moves, which they send in via e-mail. The game is turn-based, and runs on a reactangular grid of regions. Every unit can have individual names and descriptions.
atlantispbem2	Atlantis is a multi-player computer moderated strategic fantasy game, often played via email. Atlantis was begun by Russell Wallace who developed and ran the first game.  Further developement was performed by Geoff Dunbar(v2 &amp; v4),Joseph Traub(v4 &am
atlantissoft	The Atlantis Project for application development was founded because of the growing need to quickly develop high quality applications based on a 1, 2 , 3 or multi-tiered system architecture.
atlantistalker	Atlantis Talker is a telnet-based chat server with features like message boards, a mail system, games, and rooms, all in plain ASCII. It is written mainly in the Slovak language.
atlantiz	We are trying to make a *decent* IRC client for X windows. There will be scripts for mIRC and pirch too. Help is always welcome!
atlas	Atlas aims to provide high quality maps of the world for use in FlightGear, an open source flight simulator.
atlas-64	This project brings together many sub-projects with the goal of enhancing Linux performance on large systems. Sub-projects include ccNUMA, 64-bit x86, ACPI, etc. support for Linux.
atlashl	AtlasHL is a perl driven script set that reads in HalfLife and Halflife Source formatted log files and output the results to a database. The database can then be viewed with a php front end that queries the database.
atlasloot	AtlasLoot Enhanced is a UI mod for World of Warcraft allowing for loot tables to be browsed whenever needed within the game. It can be integrated with any map mod as well as used on its own and at the moment works with Atlas and AlphaMap.
atlc	&#039;atlc&#039; is a CAD package used for analysing and desiging electrical transmission lines of arbitrary cross section. Also for the design of directonal couplers. Some parts are CPU intensive, so multiple CPUs are supported.
atlescripts	A collection of many different perl-scripts doing math-stuff, including date and time scripts.
atleto	Atleto is a diary for athletes that logs activities such as running, cycling, swimming. Currently it can also display some basic statistics (totals, pace, weight). In the future it will support you with a training schedule with various calendars.
atlogger	A service for logging. Supports variouse types of &quot;media&quot;: file, mail, sockets, database,etc
atm4e	ATM4E is an Eclipse based Editor for the AsTMa= Notation for TopicMaps. Topic maps are a standard paradigm for the interchange of knowledge structures and AsTMa= is a character based short notation for authoring these Structures.
atm8260	This project is to create a linux ATM driver for the Motorola MPC8260, a processor which has built-in ATM SAR support.  Based on port of the mpc860sar SourceForge project.
atm88lib	AVR C funtions for using PWM mode in ATMega 48/88/168 for Timer0, Timer1 and Timer2.
atma	Atma Web Framework is based on TwistedMatrix Network Framework and provides a high-quality environment for the development of rich and robust web applications.
atmail2postfix	This is a PHP script that uses CURL to export accounts from @MAIL (ATMAIL) to POSTFIXADMIN (POSTFIX), its a PHP CLI that generates summaries and prunes data as needed while importing. I already used it in a production env. with 5,450 accts.
atman	atman is a develop platform for game or some industrial application, it run on windows and linux both, can use c++,python,c#,openGL,DirectX as program language
atmconf	The ATM Configurator (atmconf) will be a nice gtk/gnome application for configuring the interface files used by the ATM Utilities package.  It will allow you to add and remove CLIP and LANE interfaces and will be able to probe some of the required values
atmdemo	ATMdemo Free Open Source
atmelv6	Manual wiki da BOX ATMEL V6 [http://AtmelV6.cjb.net]. O f?rum de desenvolvimento est? alojado em [http://groups.yahoo.com/group/AtmelV6/]
atmelwlandriver	ATMEL linux PCI, PCMCIA, USB drivers. and configuration utilities.
atmission	ATmission is a Live Linux CD. You can boot from this CD-rom and experiment with Linux in all it&#039;s aspects. The main advantage of ATmission compared to other Live Linux CD&#039;s is it&#039;s flexibility: you can modify any file on the ATmission Live
atmosphere	Software to control Virata&#039;s Helium-based routers and networking hardware with ATMOS operating system. Works with serial line and telnet.
atmosphereworld	Using the OGRE 3D library, this software should allow players to visit a world with flying ships and islands, thanks to the power of dragon shards.
atmp	The ATMP is a multi-platform multi-format module player with old-school visualizations.
atmsimul	Automated Teller Machine simulator in Java.
atmutils	ATM Utilities aims to implement an easy to maintain fraimwork for using the linux-atm project.  It will provide init scripts, shell libraries, and a program to opperate on individual interfaces.
atnag	Games for French pre_school including memory, letters falling, puzzle, labyrinth, letters &amp; numbers, double entry arrays, domino, counting, enumeration, draw, sort, arrangement, ...
atniemi	Pentas is a puzzle game, which lets you play and exercise with pentominoes\non several different game boards. If you can&#039;t finish a puzzle, you\ncan let the program search for all the solutions, which exists for a given start.
ato	Tactical Rpg, ivolves multiple stories which all go on at the same time. The entire game is 2d. Check out the webby at www.donkihote.bravehost.com for more information.
atocha	Python package for defining, rendering and handling web forms. This library is not specific to any web app framework nor backend.
atol	Atol is a classical dual panel file manager aiming to be portable to both Linux and Windows OS (using C++ and GTK+ toolkit)
atom	An exper?mental programm?ng language and v?rtual mach?ne
atom-vm	A generic virtual machine. Initially ported to a number of different language environments and OS environments, but intended to be very quick to port to any OS, language, platform, microcontroller etc. Uses an orthogonal register transfer opcode model.
atomaticms	AtomatiCMS is a Content Management System (CMS) based on ASP for Windows (IIS) that is lightweight and provides a simple-to-use administration interface. Add, edit, delete and move content and pages easily; includes an optional web-based WYSIWYG editor.
atomatrix	Atomatrix is a multithreaded execution system of atomic matrices with a dynamic compiler and a network eviron.  It is the next generation object-orientated environment.  XML, MUD-OO CLI, GnucDNA support, windows and many subprojects are built-in.
atomfeed	A Python module for generating Atom feeds.
atomic	AtomicArena is an addictive on-line arcade multiplayer game similar in many ways to bomberman adding dozens of weapons, xp and character stats&amp;skills.
atomic-clusters	This project is intended to perform Monte-Carlo-Simulations to calculate small clusters (2 to 13 atoms) of the rare gas &quot;argon&quot;.
atomic-ptr-plus	Lock-free synchronization primatives and fast pathed library functions
atomicboard	An advanced template-based bulletin board framework written in PHP4.
atomicbomberman	*Atomic Bomberman Clone* is aimed to be an enhanced clone of the popular *Atomic Bomberman* by Interplay. By using SDL and OpenGL it runs at least on Win32 and Linux platforms.
atomiccms	Atomic CMS est un gestionnaire de contenu Open Source. Il vous permettras d&#039;administrer votre site rapidement et simplement. Vous pourrez ajouter des pages, gérer les news, le texte sur l&#039;accueil, le menu, ajouter des thèmes...
atomicdate	AtomicDate is a Simple Network Time Protocol (SNTP) implementation in Java, as described by RFC 2030. It&#039;s composed by a client/server framework and works as an extension to java.util.Date class.
atomicframework	The AtomicFramework is methodology for building web based applications and managing web development projects, using PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor, XHTML and CSS.
atomicgpsclock	AtomicGPSClock is a low cost alternative to keep precise time on your computer. It utilizes any GPS that outputs the NMEA 2.0 protocol via RS-232 to accurately set a computers clock. For standalone, mobile, or network (SNTP) installations.
atomicobjects	This project is being restructured. It is currently offline.
atomicpa	Atomic Photo Album (APA) is a PHP/MySQL photo album with the following features : unlimited number of albums and photos, users and comments, automatically add and remove photos, thumbnail support, multilanguage and themes.
atomicparsley	AtomicParsley is a lightweight command line program that can read and set iTunes-style metadata tags in MPEG-4 files &amp; 3gp assets in 3GPP/3GPP2 files.
atomicwrapper	The Atomic Forum wrapper is a Java Servlet which filters the content from the Atomic: Maximum Power Computing Forums ( http://www.atomicmpc.com.au/forums.asp ) and cleans up bad markup, removes excess tables and advertising from slow hosts.
atomik	Atomik is an AppleScript that loads in Ircle and provides automatic channel management and interface enhancements.
atomix	Atomix is a portable cross-platform C runtime library that provides support for object-oriented programming with dynamic interface support, containers, networking, etc...
atomnet	Atom.NET is an open source library entirely developed in C# aimed to handle Atom feeds .
atomodel	AtoModel takes a datafile describing the positions of atoms and draws them to the screen in a window.  You can rotate the model in 3-D.  Options for coloring the atoms are availiable.
atomojo	Atomojo is an Atom protocol server and database with viewing and content creation applications.  It uses and XML database as its storage mechanism.
atomos	Atomic OS is a responsive Web 2.0 operating environment &amp; development platform. Based on AJAX techniques, it emulates/provides standard operating system features including a command-line shell, interpreter, filesystem, database access and GUI service
atomparser	Light-weight and simple ATOM parser.
atomphotoblog	Fast (very short code), easy-to-install, full-featured (Atom1.0, RSS2.0, Captcha-Protection, Admin-Interface, Css...), XHTML-CLEAN photoblog using PHP5/MySQL. Object-oriented programming-style makes the script easily extensible for your personal purpose.
atoms	The AtomsNet application is a peer-to-peer metadata network indexing files of all types. Each node has a personal website, so that you can fully customize the look-and-feel of the network using CSS and XSL.
atomsmasher	An entertaining teaching-aid, written in Java, which demonstrates how scientists determine the nature of subatomic particles. Users shoot a ball at a hidden shape and observe the path of the ball. From this, they must guess the hidden shape.
atomsphere	A java library for creating and modifying Atom 1.0 compliant feed documents.  It&#039;s also bundled with a servlet based web interface for front-end manipulation of atom feeds.
atomvm	Atom is a programmable, register-based virtual machine for Win32 computers. The AtomVM can be programmed using a high-level, neo-assembler language called Atom Assembler.
atomvox	AtomVox is an OpenGL accelerated terrain engine, which based on a 6dof Voxel landscape algorithm. Fast raycasting and segmentation algorithms. Optimized core-code .
atomweb	ATOM (A pache TO mcat M ysql) is an automated build script used to download and build a preconfigured Apache Tomcat and MYSQL web application environment. It&#039;s aimed at reducing the barrier to entry for an ATOM based deployment.
atool	The Apache Toolkit ( atool ) is a web site management system from where webmasters can define templates, authentication options and do banner management. It&#039;s for people with not much time to code all this stuff from the ground up.
atop	&quot;Topic Map&quot; navigator and editor
atoqu	Set of libraries to facilitate programming in Qt4. Tasks to facilitate programming of are covered by subjects: programming by deferred execution concept, custom-built control/indicator widgets, graphics data representation (plotting).
atos	Advanced Tool for Open Source Databases (ATOS-DB)
atos51	A Trivial Operating System for 8051 (ATOS51). ATOS51 is a trivial operating system for 8051 microcontroller. As its name, it provides only multitasking feature.
atox	Atox is a fully customizable Python library and command-line tool for converting plain text into XML.
atp3	OpenGL free 3D tennis simulator for Windows and Linux.
atpard	ARD is a remote administration tool for Unix/Linux &amp; 95/98/ME/NT/2000 systems. Based on VNC technology , you can use ARD of the VNC to interact with a remote computer as though it&#039;s right next to you. ARD is great free remote-desktop tool.
atpdec	atpdec is a command line oriented NOAA POES weather satellite image software decoder.
atpg	This library provides an Opensource ATPG API to build your programs on. The library implements a lot of template c++ classes and functions that provide Combitional/Sequential logic simulation, and fault simulation functionality(semi-PROOFS).
atpidp	The WTP Integrated Development Platform CD contains an integrated suite of programs for delivering Web applications using the Apache, MySQL and Postgres database, Perl and PHP languages. The software is installed by using a Web browser-based interface.
atportal	@Portal is a revolutionary new portal system which allows you to have total customiztion and feel of your website thru a portal system.
atr	Anti Trojan is a utility which can scan for and detect trojans.
atrace	ATrace is a tracing tool uses the ptrace interface.\nATrace allows tuning and troubleshooting of applications without modification of the source or object code and can be parameterized via config files and logs the addresses of executed instructions.
atracks	A digital jukebox in your closet.Supports playlists , search with nokia like interface , equaliser presets, infrared remote control (Lirc) ,lcd display support(LCDProc) , flashy track display, custom playlists and the ability to burn your favorite tracks
atrax	Microkernel OS, based on own microkernel, able to run on PC/i386 and better.
atree	Trace the execution of a program to show a tree of all the functions that got called.
atreminder	A Plone, Archetypes based product which provides reminder objects (a new eventlike content type) and a tool for processing reminder objects periodically.
atrevido	A toolset that helps creating photo albums on VCD and other disc media.
atreyu	Atreyu was a small PHP-application to archive and manage your DVDs. The project is now dead.
atris	Take part in a game which blends the often contrasting genres of science-fiction and fantasy. Bought forth by the imaginations of some of the most skilled people on the net, this game is ever-evolving and dynamic. Every movement affects your future.
atrisdeftrack	A feature rich defect tracking and bug reporting system based on the Atris Framework that delivers a powerful, platform independent application that takes full advantage of the benefits of a GUI.
atrisframework	Java n-tier Framework and GUI Screen builder/designer, supporting 1, 2 and 3 tier mixed architectures to databases, application servers or local persistent data in files. Extensive documentation including launching from a Web Server.
atrogue	atrogue is a &quot;Rogue-like game&quot; (a certain kind of turn-based, single-player dungeon exploration adventure) for computers with Unix-like operating systems. It doesn&#039;t require a graphics environment, any text terminal is fine.
atropine	Atropine is a library for assisting with screen-scraping tasks, particularly making that of making exhaustive assertions about the structure of HTML documents.  It is built on top of the fantastic BeautifulSoup HTML parser.
atrs	Air Traffic Radar Simulator, is a Tracon simulator that has the ability to customize the A.I. for the computer controlled pilots, by giving them different abilities and experience. (Using an internal scripting language). Sectoring is handled via XML.
atry	this library provide a light-weight thread and socket framework, You can use multi-coroutine through few thread for synchronized io operation.
ats	AFS Tool Suite is a set of scripts (mostly system administration), Python library functions and classes for dealing with an AFS cell and capturing data returned by commands in a programmatic way.
ats-first	ATS is a programming language with a highly expressive type system rooted in the framework Applied Type System. In ATS, a variety of programming paradigms are supported in a typeful manner, including FP, OOP, etc.
ats-framework	Traders can develop their own trading system by plugging-in their trading algorithm to this distributed Framework. Supports: client acct, portfolio abstraction, open i/f for (a) tick data sub., and (b) multiple broker APIs per client port., debugger, etc
ats-system	All-In-One (web browser front-end/PHP &amp; MySQL back-end) linked inventory (hardware, software, employee, contacts, purchase order, etc.), asset history, disaster recovery planning, project/task management, and IT ticketing system.
atsa	ATS is a library of C and Lisp functions for spectral Analysis, Transformation, and Synthesis of sound based on a sinusoidal plus critical-band noise model.  A modeled sound in ATS can be sculpted using a variety of transformation functions.
atscap	atscap is suite of tools for processing ATSC streams.
atsf	Radar frontend and server/client backend for Air Traffic Control offline simulation and connection to online ATC networks.
atsinfocenter	ATS InfoCenter is a client and administration based system that allows windows based desktops in labs and classrooms to have pertinent info, xml feeds, notifications embedded in the desktop background with updating.
atslog	This program used for collect information about calls from different PBX (Private Branch Exchange), parse it and view statistics through flexible web interface. Has many functions: list of subscribers with separated acces to statistics based on groups; l
atsms	.NET component which communicates with GSM compatible phones using AT commands to send/receive ASCII/Unicode SMS, answer/hang up call, and access other phone features. As of 5 Dec 2006, latest code is available at http://lightspeedleader.com/open_source/
atsoft	Atani Software has a primary focus of developing games for various platforms and also try to keep the good old BBS&#039; alive with releases of door games, etc.
atsphp	A free PHP/SQL topsites script.
attache	@tache (pronounced Attache) is an alternative front-end to the Qtopia palmtop environment.  It provides the user with a more intuitive and informative main screen in Qtopia
attachment-doc	attachment_doc is a SquirrelMail plugin that allows users to view the document attachments in their emails using their browsers. The plugin translates documents into html format. Currently supports MSWord (DOC) and Portable Document Format (PDF) !
attackofaliens	Attack of Aliens is a game similar to Space Invaders. It features good graphics, and added features to the original game. The story line is like this - Aliens are going to attack earth, and as a commander of a space ship you are to work out some missions
attansicl1osx	This project is a driver for PCI-E gigabit network controller Attansic L1 for Mac OS X. It&#039;s based on Attansic vendor driver for Linux.
attem	this is the projectpage from www.attem.de we&#039;re searching members who are willing to help us with php/mysql, html/css and/or javascript or just with good ideas.. later we want to make this page multilingual.. so it&#039;s no matter if you can&#039;t
attendance	&quot;Education meets Technology&quot; phpMyAttendence is a simple attendence keeping program targeted for small, non-profit organizations. It can be used for small groups such as clubs. It is easy to use and install. It supports multiple organizations p
attendencetrack	A simple Win32 program that tracks user&#039;s attendence. Designed for small group use.
attendmanager	It is a really small project to help the teacher in his/her class room to record the attendance of pupils, it will include some report genreration options as well.
attendo	Keep track of your students. Attention and grades.
attention	This project aims to produce an efficient Java library for decoding and encoding the SMS binary format as defined in 3GPP TS 23.040. Binary SMS messages are retrieved by sending AT (attention) commands to the mobile phone&#039;s modem via a serial connec
attentiontrust	AttentionTrust invites developers to assist in the extension and refinement of our &quot;attention recorder,&quot; which allows end users to capture aspects of their clickstream and browsing history so that they can make effective use of this &quot;atten
attic	Attic is an (optionally) bidirectional file synchronization tool meant as a direct replacement for tools like rsync and Unison.
attical	Very high quality techniques for enhancing colours in images. Applications are aesthetic, where the image quality is to be improved, and interpretive, where the speed and accuracy of interpretation (eg medical diagnostic) is important.
attilim	writing a new kind of irc client working as a standalone core to which we connect using a text/graphical interface
attiny-vis-prog	Visual GUI programmer for Attiny26 microcontroller for outputting assembly, assembling into hexedecimal and uploading to hardware with an intuitive interface (Tekbots-OSU).
attitude	Attitude - GPS/INS integration with emphasis on remote sensing applications
attnsheet	Attendance-sheet is a pretty simple PHP script that will help you keep track of registrations for an arbitrary sport activity that is taking place regularly.
attractor3d	Allows the exploration and rendering of 3D strange attractors on Mac OS X using the Cocoa API.
attractors	Chaotic Attractors is a JAVA program to generate images of chaotic attractors. Chaotic attractors are used in chaos theory. Even though they have their seeds in science, they are very artistic. They are great as wallpaper, too.
attraining	A Plone, Archetypes based, product to manage a training schedule.
attrezzo	Attrezzo is an Eclipse plugin  for working with the Apache Xindice native XML database (http://xml.apache.org). The tool enables both typical user and administrative tasks on the database to be carried out in a state of the art GUI environment.
attrib4j	Attrib4j provides support for using creating and manipulating custom attributes associated with classes, fields, and methods in Java using tools such as javadoc and byte code manipulation libraries.
attribunit	AttribUnit is a unit testing framework for C# using custom attributes to specify the testing criteria.  A GUI interface uses reflection to discover the tests in an assembly.  The user can then execute the tests at various levels of granularity, i.e. all,
atts	A highly customizable ticket tracking system.  Allows guest logins.  Complete security control.  ATTS is currently being rewritten to be more powerful.
atunes	aTunes is a powerful, full-featured, cross-platform mp3 / ogg player and manager, with audio cd rip frontend
atutor	ATutor is an Open Source Web-based Learning Content Management System (LCMS/LMS), designed with accessibility and adaptability in mind. Interoperable content for creating and reusing learning objects. Easily customizable. Put your courses online.
atutor2go	ATutor2Go! es un ATutor (un manejador de contenidos educativos - LCMS) que puede ser utilizado sin necesidad de ser instalado. Puede ser ejecutado desde el disco rígido o desde un pendrive USB.
atv	Zaval Advanced TV Guide (also known as ATV) is a small and nifty program that allows TV schedule viewing with your PDA, so you will be always informed on what&#039;s on TV. With our product you can do TV programs tracking and much more!
atwin	aTwin, the alternative TetriNET client for Windows. This clone combines several improvements to the original client / TetriNET protocol (tetrifast, tspec, recordings, hotkeys, logging, themes) into one client.
atwrap	ATWRAP is a project to provide a .net compatable api for easy programming access of the TurtleBeach Audiotron Digital Media Player that will work with all .NET languages.
au1100-linux	The Au1100  is so excellent that I am willing to porting a embedded linux on it. I want to modify linux kernel and GUI to make a whole bin file.The user will only operate a grapic interface window as a desktop at begin.And all the other apps will be call
au3-mode	au3-mode is the Emacs Major Mode for AutoIt version 3 language files
au3forums	Autoit based, forum system. Uses SQLite and Autoit to create an easy to use foruming system.
au4all	AutoIt Community software.
aua	Automatic Update Agent
auase	A software that automatize sending/receiving of short messages from secretary to user
aubelisk	Web based interface for Asterisk written in Perl
auber	Tulip is a software for visualisation of huge graphs. It provides 3D OpenGl rendering, Editing, Automatic drawing and Automatic Clustering.
aubio	a library for audio labelling and features extraction
aubit4gl	&quot;Aubit 4GL&quot; is a project to make GPL, OpenSource, Informix-4GL compatible compiler, and continue to extend functionality needed to write most efficient and productive business related, database oriented applications. See &quot;Home Page&quot; l
aubng	Aubng is a Usenet binary decoder implemented entirely in Perl5. Aubng provides a boatload of features, and an extensible handler architecture.
auboard	A web based bulletin board software implemented in object oriented fashion in PHP 5 for easy maintenance and enhancement. Also uses advanced database persistence features offered by Propel.
auburn	This is a comprehensive multimedia asset cataloging solution.
auc	AUC for Education is an GPLed intranet system designed for use in a K-12 setting that provides a web-based environment for students and teachers to interact via &quot;Interactive Classrooms&quot; and other innovative features.
auc-dbms	AUC-DBMS is an XML-based DBMS. Created by: Mohamed El-Geish and Ahmed Hamza. Supervised by: Dr. Awad Khalil and Mohamed Attia. The American University in Cairo - Computer Science Department (http://www.cs.aucegypt.edu).
auc-plethora	Plethora is a NetBeans plugin that provides a designer and a code-generator for Looking Glass 3D (http://www.sun.com/software/looking_glass) applications.
aucas	A basic document management system, including TWAIN scanning, MODI (Microsoft Office Document Imaging) storage and OCR of files, and graphical interface for MySQL databasing.  Developed as part of a system implemented at Andrews University. MI.
auccow	Partial implementation of a HL7 CCOW (Clinical Context Object Workgroup) v1.5 server using standards based interfaces. Supports .NET remoting binary (tcp) and SOAP (http) clients.
auch	Skydome and auch are tools for processing HAM Radio Astronomy.  Captured radio signals can be analysed using  *auch* and be plot  on a skychart with the skydome program.
auco-commander	auco-commander is an utility which allows to execute complex command-line commands by means of graphical user interface.It is a customizable command builder and executor.Instead of typing commands, build them and execute with couple of mouse clicks.
aucontraire	Au Contraire is a Java file comparison &amp; merge tool.  The goal is to provide common comparison/merge utility in an intuitive UI across multiple platforms.
auct-pict-serv	Auction Websites (like eBay) allow the use of picture services. This project should enable everybody to use it&#039;s own pictureservice. It will provide functions for upload pictures, generate galleries and XXL pictures and collect valuable statistical 
auction	AuctionWatch will watch auctions for you and will allow you to bid when you want, not when you sit near your computer.
auction-frmwrk	A complete auction framework to be implemented within any website whose host supports PHP 4 and a mainstream Database system (such as MySQL). The framework is highly customizable and easy to install. It also supports secure transactions.
auctionad	The Auction Advertisement Generator uses php, perl, and sendmail to create html auction ads per users input in an html forum
auctioneer	Der Auctioneer ist ein Workflow-Management System f?r eBay Auktionen, das es dem Verk?ufer einfacher macht seine Auktionen zu beantworten und schneller zu bearbeiten.
auctioneer-wow	Auctioneer is an interface addon to the World of Warcraft (TM) game. Auctioneer enhances the WoW interface by adding additional information to the tooltips in the game that allow you to see additional information on the value of items in the game.
auctioner	Auctioner is an eBay-stylish auction software. It is intended as an example for the book &quot;Portale und Webapplikationen mit Apache Frameworks&quot; ed. Fabian Theis, but it may serve as a starting point for further development as well.
auctionexchange	This project will use rails to implement an auction-based exchange system.  It is targeted for use with bots on online-RPGs, but the software will be usable in auctioning any items of standardized quality.
auctionfeed	Auction Feed is a library of PHP classes and code examples which interact with the eBay REST API. Project development is focused on maintainence, optimization and documentation of reusable code, suitable for integration into websites and applications.
auctiongallery	AuctionGallery is a terminal script that creates picture galleries and HTML descriptions for the purpose of putting them into auctions like eBay or Yahoo! Auctions. It is aimed at power-sellers who need an efficient way of generating auction descriptons.
auctionlister	Contribution for osCommerce - Integration of eBays Marketplace with Aftersales-Service. Erweiterung für osCommerce - Integration des eBay Marktplatzes mit Aftersales-Services.
auctionmage	Auction Mage is a sniper software to manage and bid on your online auctions. It has many features: multi-language, bid now, bidding groups, timesync, $ and euro support, RAS connect, browser control (server mode), ...
auctionminister	Auction Minister is a web application useful for tracking your Ebay sales.   With it you can track items, purchases, sales, and customers.  The import feature allows you to  upload your Paypal data directly into Auction Minister.
auctiontextgen	This application allows you to specify the weight/dimensions/packaging material/fees/etc. for your item and then puts together a total cost to ship the item. The application also generates HTML which can be copied/ pasted into any auction listing.
aud-x	Aud-X is next generation 5.1 (home theater) sound codec. We develope ACM and DS Aud-X encoder/decoder to let multichannel sound into DVD to Dvix converted movies. Using latest DSP knowledge lets us achieve perfect 5.1 feeling at 128 kbit or less!
audacious	Audible library for simple manicure of vocal sound files. Applies basic effects such as normalize, noise reduction (nr), clipping, compranding, click removal, silence truncation, etc.). Gui for capture of nr profile. Batch mode to prep for distribution.
audacity	A fast multi-track audio editor and recorder for Linux, BSD, Mac OS, and Windows.  Supports WAV, AIFF, Ogg, and MP3 formats.  Features include envelope editing, mixing, built-in effects and plug-ins, all with unlimited undo.
audacity-extra	audacity-extra provides diverse GUI plug ins to customize the open source sound editor Audacity.  It includes a vowel-sound target-practice display for language learners and an analog waveform data logger for embedded systems.
audacitypolicia	Audacity Policial (aka Audacity Police) is an extension of Audacity sound editor that was created to help police and justice investigations based on phone call and environmental recordings, supporting audio analysis and transcription.
audaremote	A little external scheuduler for Audacity. Win32 only.
audconv	As the name implies, this is an audio conversion utility, originating from the idea of making a mass converter of popular lossless compression algorithms (.FLAC and .SHN)
audela	AudeLA is a TCL extension aimed at providing amateur astronomers with image processing, telescope controling, ccd camera driving, and various astronomical algorithms.
audicle	The Audicle is a context-sensitive, on-the-fly programming environment for audio synthesis.
audiction	This application provides a set of tools to synthesize, create, edit and mix music using pluggable audio emisors, envelope generators and effect processors.
audience	This is an audience response system that doesn&#039;t require issuing clickers or need specialist infrastructure. Vote from a web browser or by mobile phone. It is intended for co-located audiences but also works with remote audiences.
audiere	Audiere is a portable audio library which supports playing MP3, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, WAV, IT, XM, S3M, and MOD files.  You can use it from C, C++, Python, Java, Delphi, and any language that supports XPCOM (JavaScript in Mozilla, for example).
audierenet	AudiereNET is a portable audio library which supports playing MP3, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, WAV, IT, XM, S3M, and MOD files. You can use it from any language that is supporting .NET Framework.
audigytools	User-friendly graphical tool for controlling audio mixer settings and configuring Creative Audigy Sound Cards.
audio-daemon	Audio Daemon is a perl module to daemonize various players and support a single UDP interace for different players.  Currently you can set up a server for MPG123, Xmms and an icecast stream (using libshout).  Now your application only needs one client li
audio3d	VRSS is a free player for the XML schemata Audio3D (see: http://www.contigra.com/audio3d). It uses Coin3D and the DirectSound3D/EAX APIs.
audioboard	Audioboard allows you to painlessly lay out a &quot;soundboard&quot; that can be saved and redistributed. You can lay out buttons in a window, and associate a sound effect with each button. Written in Visual Basic 6.0, intended for Windows platforms.
audiobook	This compressed file contains several samples including a web based audiobook table of contents XML generator, use case scenario examples, and a sample audiobook player written in Visual Basic.Net (Source code included).
audiobookcutter	Audiobook Cutter is an easy-to-use tool which splits large speech MP3 files into smaller ones without re-encoding. The split points are determined by silent parts. The main purpose is to make audiobooks or podcasts more manageable in a user-friendly way.
audiobookmaker	Audiobook joiner and converter for Mac OS X
audiobox	audioBox is a Linux mp3 / ogg player front-end based on LCDproc, mpg123 and ogg123. It is intended to run on a standalone headless Linux machine as an \\&quot;audio appliance\\&quot;. It provides file browsing and search capabilities through an LCD display
audiocustominfo	This library allow to write to and read from MP3 files any kind of info in a extensible and configurable way.
audiocutter	The AudioCutter Cinema offers you a wide range of functions for creating, changing, converting and editing of common and surround sounds.
audiod	A piece of software to manage your music on a server. It features a jukebox and has a DAAP feature, so you can connect to it from iTunes (Windows or Mac).
audiodb	af | audio_db is a solution for managing different types of media files like mp3s and videos. It should make searching those files easier and more flexible than just using windows search. An asp.net web frontend is presented to the authorized user to per
audiodrama	Audiodrama uses audio visual technologies such as mp3 or realaudio  with the phpslash and phplib packages. Multiple users and content management based, its interface tries to be as complete as possible
audiodrive	AudioDrive is a moblie digital audio player intended to be used in a vehicle. It displays the UI and file info on a LCD and can be controlled via a ir remote.
audioenclave	AudioEnclave is a linux audio server that can be used as a web-based jukebox for any sort of community setting- your home or a dorm hall. It allows for in-depth searching, playback on multiple channels, playlists- all through an intuitive website.
audiolab	The developed audio editor will be a research aid to trial the ability of a computer to convert sample data into midi data, using the soundfont specification in an effort to make the midi representation sound as close as possible to the original audio.
audiolibrary	AudioLibrary is a database-driven music player, which eliminates the need to store music as files. Music data is physically stored in the mysql database, and played directly from RAM using BASS.NET. Currently, only MP3 files may be imported.
audiolink	AudioLink is a content manager. Its main goal is to make searching for _content_ in files easier.  It uses MySQL for storing the information about files and presents a nice CLI (command-line interface) as well as other GUI options to retrieve data.
audiom	AudioM takes audio playlist formats (M3U,PLS,PLA/PLP) and copies the files to a new location with a playlist matching the new location.  It also does playlist format conversion.  Great for managing disk based MP3 players (Especially the Sansa).
audiomuse	AudioMuse aims to be a complete client/server multi-platform multi-format pervasively-modular networkable system for the production, transmission and reproduction of music.
audionut	AudioNUT is an audio player for Windows. It supports MP3, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, MPC, AAC and a ton of other formats you&#039;ve never even heard of.
audiophilia	Audiophilia is a Delphi coded Win-32 GUI frontend for the command line program shntool. This project is aimed at creating an easy-to-install and comprehensive set of audio and checksumming tools for the common lossless audio codecs .shn, .flac, and .ape.
audioplayer	AudioPlayer is a DirectShow based media player capable of playing MP3, MPGA, WAV, MIDI, AU, WMA and ASF sound files as well as WPL, ASX, WMX, WAX and M3U playlists. Internet media is also supported and no install is required. All in less than 100KB.
audioplex	An LPCM multiplex/demultiplex utility for DVD-Video with md5 verification. Creates full-resolution &quot;audio-only&quot; dvd-video discs from wav/flac filesets, and extracts unencrypted LPCM audio from dvd-video to wav/flac.
audioradmin	AudioRadmin is designed to provide complete remote control capabilites over both Winamp and XMMS operations.
audiorg	AudiOrg is a command line tool to sort audio (or possibly other media) files into a directory structure according to their tag meta data information. It currently supports ID3 and OGG tags.
audioscrobbler	The Audioscrobbler development project has moved to a new site at http://www.audioscrobbler.net. This project is no longer in use.
audioseparator	AudioSeparator is a windows-based audio editor that splits WAV files using configurable silence detection techniques.  This product used to be shareware but has been re-released by its author under the GNU General Public License.
audioserv	@udioserv is a script that builds a Web site with your MP3 files, and you can select files to download or stream on the server.
audioslicer	AudioSlicer is a Cocoa GUI application that finds all silences in an audio file and allows you to split it into several smaller audio files and to name/tag them properly. For now only MP3 is supported but other formats may come in the future.
audiostar	Audio*Music Project is making software for Linux for ALSA 0.9.X. It features sequencing software and software synths.
audiostreamer	A Linux-based software suite (client and server) for streaming audio and real-time text chat.  (C/C++)
audiosync	The project aims to develop tools for synchronizing audioplayback to different timecode sources.
audiotagger	audiotagger retrieves FreeDB information about MP3 files which have been extracted from CD albums.  With this information, audiotagger can rename the MP3 files and write ID3v1 and ID3v2 tags with updated FreeDB information.
audiotagparser	Audio Tag Parser is a metainformation parser for audio files. It includes GUI for both w32 and linux enviroments and automated file handling based on defined expressions or heuristic analysis.
audiotv	Lets you turn your TV into a audio jukebox. Simple interface ideal for using with a TV and a wireless mouse. Currently supports Windows and MP3 and WMA files.
audiowrapper	A GUI (interface) for mp3splt and mp3wrap written in Java. The open source alternative to AlbumWrapper. Compatible with AlbumWrapper only for splitting
audis	Audis is a solution to implement sonification (based on audio or MIDI data) into web pages and web applications.  Audis can be installed with Java Web Start and enables web servers to \\&quot;compose\\&quot; sounds which can be played back on the client.
audit-template	Audit-template is an MS Infopath template. It is supposed to help auditers/pentesters to formalize / share their knowledge by creating an XML form that can be filled out when performing the audit.
audit-test	audit-test is a test suite designed to provide automated testing for the light-weight audit framework that first appeared in the 2.6.4 kernel.
audithem	Audithem! es un software de auditoria de e-mails que permite almacenar información básica en una base de datos MySQL. Permite responder a las preguntas de los administradores tales como ¿Quien envió un correo? o ¿Para quien fue un fichero adjunto?.
auditisx	AuditISX is Win32 based auditing software that uses WMI and the Windows registry to audit and collect data from Windows Based workstations and servers, then save to Access, SQL, Oracle or XML. Visual Basic 2005 Express Compatable!
auditlib	AuditLib is a library system for financial audit libraries.
auditor	The purpouse of the assembly &quot;Auditor&quot; is to facilitate the registration of action information (reading, inserting, deleting) against a data storage system by an application, sub-system or user.
audittracking	we will develop project which named AuditIssueTracking. it can be used by Bank, industry company to track the issue,which was found before. in this project we will use the java,tomcat,xml,sql and sxml and also it is web-based program.
auditunlink	Wonder who deleted that important file on your Linux box?  Did your database files &quot;mysteriously&quot; disappear from that super-secure Linux database server and you don&#039;t know how?  Now your system logs will tell who, what, when, and how with 
audjay	An intelligent music player that automatically selects the music to play from your collection, as a continuous playlist. You set as many variables as you like and the music is chosen with respect to your preferences.
audjoo-helix	Audjoo Helix is a polyphonic software Synthesizer. It is developed as a VST-instrument plug-in. It features low CPU-usage, multiple oscillators, filters, distortion, flexible modulation, semi-modular configuration, delay, reverb and compression/limiter.
audshare	This application comes up with a serverless P2P network. It enables filesharing as well as the distribution of any music related goods, such as reviews, comments, ratings and more.
auebgs	Background subtraction program and software to model exemplars.
auf	AnotherUpdateFramework try&#039;s to be the perfect companion for software distribution and software management for Mac OS X.
aufgabenmanager	Ein einfach gehaltener, in PHP geschriebener, Aufgabenmanager mit Administrationsoberfläche zur Userverwaltung. A simple Taskplanner written in PHP with administration interface to manage user logins.
aufs	Another Unionfs. The Unionfs is originally developed by Erez Zadok and his team. Once aufs was entirely re-designed and re-implemented Unionfs. Enhancing with many original ideas, it becomes totally different software while keeping the basic features.
aug	A portable framework for building service applications.
augcyl	Asociaci?n de Usuarios de GNU/Linux de Castilla y Le?n
auge	Auge is an easy-to-use financial portfolio management application. Auge will help you monitor and analyze your stock and mutual fund positions, providing powerful insight into your entire investment portfolio.
auger	The Auger Toolkit is a lightweight, reflection-based web component framework designed to aid in the rapid development of Velocity based web applications.
augment	Augment is a Java-based program which replicates much of the functionality of the original NLS/Augment system written by Doug Engelbart and his team between the 1960s and 1980s.
augment103	A Project to find better ways to play movies across all platforms.
augmented-real	Library for algorithms of Augmented Reality with a application to demonstrate it. Programmed in C/C++ and OpenGL.
augterm	AugTerm is a terminal emulation program which emulates a terminal that was used to communicate with Doug Engelbart&#039;s Augment system.  It is written in Java, and can run as an applet or an application.
augui	The AUGUI framework is a set of classes to be used to ease development of custom Carbon edit views for Mac OS X Audio Units. The classes are based on the HIFramework and on the AudioUnit SDK provided by Apple. Support for Cocoa UI is being added.
augur	Augur is a set of forensic tools for analyzing and visualizing network traffic.  It facilitates databasing, manipulation, and display of data recorded in libpcap compatible formats.  Emphasis is on databasing information and graphically depicting results
augur-olr	An offline reader (OLR) for CiX and potentially other conferencing systems (especially ones based on Cosy which is also now hosted on sourceforge)
auguriotool	This is a program developed by RPG\\&#039;s players to consult your Auspice.
august	A Java-based CCXML runtime with a plugable API to connect to the underlying voice system.  The initial system will include support for Asterisk.
augustus	A scoring engine for statistical and data mining models based on  the Predictive Model Markup Language (PMML).
aui	This is an attempt to create an image format which supports animations, and is completely Free and Open Source.
auii	auii is intended as an adaptive (g)ui for iinteractive software and/or an adapter application where software modifications are prohibitive.\nin it&#039;s simplest form it affords gui components to be drag and dropped, hence reorganized, by the user.
auit	The AUIT toolkit is a high-level Java user interface toolkit which completely abstracts the application code from the interface. For many platforms, native widgets are provided; other platforms can use Swing. The interface is specified in XML.
aukyla	The Aukyla Platform is a platform for creating, managing and deploying web-based PHP5 applications. This project page is no longer active, please visit: http://www.aukyla.nl/?page=Aukyla+Platform
aulanarede	Aula Na Rede  is a tool that creates a network environment that gives teachers control of their students. Aula Na Rede can broadcast the professor&#039;s view to all students, also blank their screens, block access to internet, block input (mouse/keyboar
aulari-virtual	Scheduling and calendar managament of classrooms and other rooms that are placed in one or multiple buildings. The aplication also provides the automatic confection of schedules from the data inserted in the same act to reserve a classroom.
auli	Auli is an intelligent module based downloader supporting multi-threading multi mirror.
aumix	This program adjusts an audio mixer from X, the console, a terminal, the command line or a script.
aunit	The aUnit project is aiming to develop a unit test tool for cross-cutting concerns, commonly referred to as aspects.
auoe	AUOE stands for Advanced Ultima Online Emulator. This project has the aim to build a highly customizable free opensource UO emulator. Our secondary goal is to build a highly customizable compatible Ultima Online client. Languages: C++/PHP/Perl/Python/XML
aupam	A graphical application, written in java, for the string pattern matching theory with finite automata.
aura	Designed for non-expert scientists considering to use VR, Aura presents an easy-to-understand C++ API that extends basic available low-level graphics facilities like OpenGL or Direct3D with scene graph management paradigms and a VR programming framework.
aura-pda	Handix is the OS for the Aura line of simple, inexpensive palmtop-type handhelds, designed by this project.
aura-xmlrpc	Aura is a plug-and-play XMLRPC application framework in PHP5. It bundles an XMLRPC client and an XMLRPC server. It has simple and clean API and allows exposing already written functions and classes as web services for instant productivity.
aurabpm	Aura is a usefull and advanced workflow suite. Aura has over 300 new html and mail design tag and a powerfull deamon modul. It provided and devolped by sight9 (www.sight9.com).
auraeus	Auraeus is a 3d Massively Multiplayer Online RPG coded in C++. It is in the early stages, but is very workable in its present state.
auralprobe	Aural Probe is a convenience tool for computer musicians/audio engineers, designed to facilitate the process of previewing and selecting audio samples, such as drums; synth samples; percussion and so on; from a large collection of folders/subfolders.
aurang	Aurang is an online library which is developed for the special needs of universities in Afghanistan. It&#039;s part of a project at the Technical University of Berlin. It is based on dSpace
auraproject	Aura is a powerful architecture to build next generation Web 2.0 applications by unifying and integrating object oriented design(OOD) with technologies like Flex, AJAX and Hibernate.Provides its own test and prototype frameworks based on JUnit and Groovy
auratus	A java based neural network framework.  The Auratus network is built around an XML messaging system, allowing for a complete MVC design. Additionally, Auratus networks are constructed and at the node/edge level, allowing for advanced topologies.
aureal	We hack on the aureal drivers for vortex to make it more stable and usable.
aurelia	Aspect-Oriented Programming support in the Delphi Language and IDE...
aurelius	To develop a microkernel based os. A microkernel is basicaly an OS kernel which communicates mostly using messages. All programs drivers and other entities exist as contextless components which transact. They keep no permanent data.
aureus	This little software calculate aureus proportions. Is aimed to work together other design software and help to situate elements in good positions.
auricula	A podcast aggregator written in Python using GTK.  Users can subscibe to podcasts and download the latest episodes to their hard drive (iPod support is planned).
auriferous	Auriferous is an arcade style like game, where you must collect goldpieces, fight with some monks and reach then a door to go into the next level.
aurigadoc	AurigaDoc is a java-xml based documentation tool for writing documents in xml format and converting them to other formats like HTML, DHTML, PDF, PostScript, Formating object(FO), RTF, Java Help, HTML Help, Oracle Help, etc. AurigaDoc is not an xml editor
aurigadoclet	AurigaDoclet is a Doclet which can generate Java API Documentation in the following formats: Formatting Object(FO), PDF, Postscript, PCL, SVG, etc. The generated javadoc can be customized by specifying a header/footer text and a cover page in XHTML.
aurigae	AE Aurigae illuminates the diffuse nebula IC 405, also known as the Flaming Star nebula, causing it to glow dramatically.
aurin	Dependency Inversion: Guts, Impact, Implications.
auristerre	Auris Terre is an Open Source Massive Multiplayer Online Roleplaying Game in a futuristic environment. You&#039;ll beable to choose from ten different educations and four different breeds. Enter your new world!
aurora-cms	Aurora is a modular, multiportal, multilanguage Java-based content management system running on top of a JBoss application server connected to a database server (MySQL, PostgreSQL, ...) via Hibernate. Published content can be plain HTML, PHP, JSP, ...
aurora-ims	Aurora IMS is an inventory management system, utilizing an optional Client/Server model for ordering
aurora-widget	Wondering what the aurora forecast is right now? Using the power of the internet, this Mac OS X Dashboard Widget displays the current activity level. The display can be configured to show a more detailed rundown of the space weather conditions.
aurorab	Aurora Borealis This project is supposed to become a FREE 3D MMORPG game The user interface is supposed to be an &quot;interpretator&quot; for the game and should as such be able to be represented in many different ways.
aurorabbs	Aurora is a mySQL driven BBS system written in perl.  It is easy to set up (no file editing), completely customizable and powerful.  The end goal is to be a freeware alternative to UltraBoard and UltimateBB.
auroracontrol	Aurora Light Controller is a theater-oriented lighting controller. It is built around cues and conventional fixtures. It currently supports the usbdmx.com controller and the ArtNet protocol, and is designed to support additional controllers.
auroraf	AuroraForms lets develop easy and fast web applications oriented to database systems, information systems. Php code generation from relational databases. Add, Modify, Query, Delete on a table using Grids, Master-Detail and so.
auroragame	AuRoRa ist eine elektronische Variante des ?beraus coolen Brettspiels RoboRally. Ein kleiner Roboter muss so programmiert werden, dass er m?glichst schnell von einem Checkpoint zum anderen kommt.
auroraproject	Aurora Project is an attempt to create a simple and usable Desktop Environment for Linux, to easy the move from another OS to Linux and to liberate the User from system and desktop management. It&#039;s written in C++ and requires GTK+ and gtkmm.
aurorauos	Aurora is an ultima online emulator made in VB. Made to emulate older patch versions of OSI before trammel.
aurorax	An innovative Mac OS X weather program with 7 day forecast and weather maps for thousands of locations worldwide.
auross	Massively Multi-Threaded and fully Object-Oriented game engine. An easily extensible core library, along with embedded Python for easy scripting of just about anything, makes the Auross engine a perfect choice for just about any gaming project.
aurox	Aurox is the most popular European distribution based on Fedora. It&#039;s a fast and stable operating system that focuses on better hardware support. The graphical configuration tools and installer help new users to get started with linux distributions.
aurox-updater	Aurox-Updater is a kde system tray application to monitor and install software updates using yum in background.
aurum-rl	A simple roguelike RPG with a fantasy theme.
auryn	Auryn is a cross-platform filemanager designed with flexibility and customizability in mind. Based on the Eclipse RCP platform, it has got an intuitive interface and contains an integrated Python shell giving advanced users a powerful scripting interface
auspice	Rich Features IRC Services, won&#039;t release any new package until 2007
auss	Abram&#039;s Unix Sound System is a stream based sound system meant for connected applications together through easy to use APIs.
aussicart	Basically two programs. Web Interface, Will take item info stored in database form and use templates to create webpages for developer. Shopping cart, derived from PerlShop, completly rewritten for legal reasons :D
austhex	Development team for open-source software used by the AUSTnet IRC Network (http://www.austnet.org/).
austrumi	AUSTRUMI is a business card size (50MB) bootable Live CD Linux distribution.
aususa	The Aususa Software Development Project Is An Ongoing Effort By A Few High School Students That Enjoy Writing Code For Applications That Have A Practical Use.
autarkys	Autarkys will provide a collection of tools for the creation of roleplaying games. It focuses on general problems of current RPGs, e.g. too simple NPC behaviour, static environments, limited playing area etc.
autat	AutAT (AutomaticAcceptanceTests) aims to make the process of creating automatic acceptance tests for web applications easier. AutAT is a Eclipse-plugin for creating such tests graphically. AutAT is installed via the Eclipse update manager (see Home Page)
autentica-linux	Autenticador de facil manuseio para usu?rios Velox. Autentica no VeloxZone e tambem pode interagir com sua conexao rp-pppoe, conectando ou desconectando a ADSL diretamente pelo programa. Roda em X11.
autenticaadsl	Aqui voc? encontra o melhor autenticador para o sistema Velox e links para Autenticador Adsl, Velox, PPPOE Adsl, Telemar.
autenticador	Programa que ajuda os usuários do serviço velox a realizar a autenticação no site veloxzone. O programa autentica/monitora a conexão, realizando novamente a autenticaçao caso necessário. Criado em C++ utilizando a biblioteca wxWidgets[wxWindows].
auth-ldap	OpenVPN plugin to authenticate users against a LDAP directory.
auth-mysql-ldap	mod_auth_mysql_ldap is an Apache HTTP authorization module that combines LDAP with MySQL. Users can be located and grouped in either LDAP or MySQL. Multiple LDAP servers are permitted, including Active Directory and OpenLDAP. GUI interface exists.
auth-passwd	An OpenVPN plugin to do authentication using the local shadow or passwd files.
auth-pgsql	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
authadmin	Ce module en PHP permet de g?rer les acc?s ? des pages web de mani?re tr?s simple. Il repose sur une base de donn?es MySQL et est livr? avec une interface de gestion accessible via un navigateur internet.
authclassed	AuthClassed is a class, written in PHP, to implement a simple authentification scheme for database-oriented webpages. Using AuthClassed is as simple as putting a single code line at the top of the webpage you would like to protect.
authd	authd mail policy server; this server talks to postfix, sendmail, and anything else that wants to link to libauthd.a. The code has been stable for years, but the documentation brings us from Mature to Beta. This project has had no changes in 2+ years oth
authena	Authena facilitates syndicated commerce via a distributed network of DRM built upon open source web services and applications. An RDF/RSS feed allows satellite media shops or galleries to syndicate content to a central commerce engine via REST, SOAP, or 
authena22surf	Open Source business plan for making money via Open Source content management systems (CMS) and digital rights management (DRM) for music, photography, books, and more. Syndicated commerce with oscommerce, postnuke, xoops, gallery, tikiwiki, and wordpres
authenticode	PHP based Authentication code that makes HTML pages secure by authenticating users agianst a MySQL database. Uses a MD5 algorithm session id to futher secure a session.
autheventfilter	AuthEventFilter is a Java Servlet Filter that will fire events when user authentication state changes. This allows the developer to perform actions when a user&#039;s authentication status changes, including setting up session attributes, or track user l
authgrab	authgrab is an Authentication Credential Sniffer.  It sniffs network traffic from the network interface and attempts to locate various protocol session&#039;s authentication information as it traverses the network.
authlib	Authlib is a powerful Object Oriented Cookie+MySQL driven user+session management system. It enables a secure environment using advanced encryption using MD5 (Message-Digest 5).
authlite	Authlite is a simple and secure alternative to more complicated authentication mechanisms like LDAP and NIS+.
authmanager	Authentication Manager is a web based frontend to administrate users and groups with .htaccess in combination with mod_auth_mysql and Apache.
authme	Quick, clean, easy PHP Authentication system. Easily modified to suit your particular needs, or can be used &quot;out of the box&quot;.
authmemcookie	This is a apache v2.0 authentication module. Based on html form authentication and cookie authentication session. Cookie session are stored in memcache deamon. Can be used has an simple &quot;Single Signe-On&quot; (SSO).
authordesk	The AuthorDesk authoring tool is a free (GPL) and portable multimedia authoring application based upon the FreeMovie and OpenGL libraries. It is an attempt to create a free and portable multimedia authoring tool that can be used to create Flash(tm), SMIL
authorlink	ALI authorlink is a java based application to manage and link media files like video, audio, pics, txt, rtf and pdf. It is very easy to use and allows you to have an intelligent data management. The linking allows you to use ALI for complex presentations
authorsite	The application will represent a new approach to creating author-centric websites. In particular it will provide bibliographic and email archiving tools based on a relational database implemented in Java using Spring and Hibernate JPA.
authoxy-panther	Authenticating proxy server software for Mac OS X. The front-end is written in Obj-C using the Cocoa framework, but the actual proxy daemon application is written in C using plain BSD sockets.
authpfng	Authpfng is a new authentication back-end to allow people to sign in to the network administrated by an OpenBSD pf-firewall. Login can be done by ssh, web-based and smb. You can assign traffic quotas and QoS per-user or after a certain bandwidth usage.
authpgsql	auth postgresql would provide the capability to keep all users info in a PostgreSQL database instead than in plain text files (as usually) and even more have a more performant system than NIS+.
authprogs	This project is a &quot;C&quot; implementation of http://www.hackinglinuxexposed.com/articles/20030115.html
authservlet	AuthServlet is a Java Servlet (and JSPs/TagLibs) which provides a simple pluggable authentication and role-based authorization service. It can be easily incorporated into any Servlet-based web applications.
authshell	This project provides a PHP5 skeleton for building high-performance, scalable member-based websites.  The goal is that within 5 minutes of downloading, a secure site will be up and running (although it does nothing except allowing you to register, log ou
authware	A simple book management system for a writer. Theme-based and uses an unusual friendly-url scheme.
authwiki	An ASP-based wiki system for IIS v5.x that provides authentication, revisioning, page-locking, inter-wiki links, and course-grained permissions.  The contents of the wiki are stored in a database (MySQL, MSAccess, SQLServer).
autms	Autms stands for autonomous mobile systems. This project contains examples for the project &quot;playerstage&quot;. It also provides a simulation for tasks like path finding through a pre-defined area. All parts are tested with Pioneer robots.
auto-apt	A small program to ease the life of System Adminitrators using an amount of Debian Linux servers.  This utility will allow the admin to have a system that self updates and self cleans, and will email the admin to list of required updates, provided by the
auto-auction	This software, written in Python and Qt, provides a complete network-based Point-of-Sale software solution for an auto auction company.
auto-bus-widget	Auto-Bus is a widget that runs on the Yahoo! Widget Engine. It provides quick, elegant and customizable access to bus times for any transit system for which such information is available online. Files to support each transit system can be made easily.
auto-check-sum	Automatically verifies md5 and sha1 checksums using either a user entered sum or by searching in a file that can be held locally or remotely via ftp or http.
auto-form	AutoForm is a Gtk application which creates dynamically forms to fill/search/modify/delete data in a database, according to a description file written in XML.
auto-matrix	AutoMATRIX is a tool to predict key transcription factors in microarray experiments.
auto-mp3	This MOD adds an mp3 player and a music page with sub categories to phpBB forums. On the music page, a song can be chosen and will automatically add the song to the mp3 player in profile OR can open a standalone player with menu.
auto-net	The goal of this project is to make simple networking and ACPI easier to manage on a laptop running linux.
auto-nethack	Configure Nethack using the familiar \\\\\\&#039;./configure\\\\\\&#039; command that the GNU tools have made so popular.  No more having to edit Makefiles or config files.  This is a complete distrubition of the latest Nethack (minus bugfix patches that haven
auto-persist-j	This project aims to assist developers in developing java EE persistance layer for existing database tables. It gets metadata of selected database tables and generates classes for them. it uses and extends the ideas of DbGen project to EJB 3.0 POJO.
auto-phlip-ml	Auto PHLIP-ML automatically removes extraneous images from CLSM stacks. This iterative operation removes bias in the Otsu threshold calcualtion. Auto PHLIP-ML integrates with the image analysis program PHLIP by automatically creating the PHLIP-ML file.
auto-pilot	Auto Pilot is a web application that deploys J2EE build products to groups of computers. It complements continuous integration systems by deploying their products, works with different makes of application server, does scheduled and immediate deployments
auto-radio	The Java-based Radio Automation System provides a scriptable automation suite for radio stations.  It is currently plays MP3s and WAV files, and can read from standard M3U playlists.  RAS implements and uses the JavaZoom JavaLayer package for MP3 support
auto-rss-import	Automatically imports content items from various RSS feeds into your WordPress (2.0 or higher) site. Very configurable, easy to install, and fully automated -- it will keep your site updated with fresh content.
auto-rsync	auto-ftp-sync is tool that checks for added/updated (via MD5) /moved/removed files in a project directory and mirrors any changes to a remote FTP server. It supports multiple profiles &amp; is intended to aid developing website&#039;s &amp; written in/fo
auto-sched	Auto-Sched est un logiciel servant ? cr?er automatiquement des horaires de travail. Il tient compte des disponibilit?s des employ?s et des besoins de l&#039;employeur.
auto-transcode	Auto-Transcode is a simple GTK2 GUI for Transcode that allows you to easily convert between DVD, DivX, XviD, VCD, SVCD and other formats. It&#039;s very simple, usually just one click is required...
autoaccept-sink	The AutoAccept Sink for Exchange processes resource reservation requests sent to a mailbox. It is server-based and does not require an Outlook client. If you use an Exchange 5.5 event script today and are migrating to Exchange 2000 then this is for you.
autoadmin	A set of perl scripts designed to assist an admin in maintaining networked systems. Useful item such as automatically updating client sysems and tracking. Initial design will maintain / monitor Redhat Linux systems.
autoalert	AutoAlert is a light-weight C# project for monitoring servers and sending automated alerts based on the server&#039;s condition and user specified settings.  It supports several logging/monitoring options, the ability to RDP to monitored servers, configu
autoalien	AutoAlien is a project which aims at providing Debian Woody and future LindowsOS users with the ability to install popular RPM&#039;s with two clicks of a mouse.
autoap	AutoAP is an add on to DD-WRT that allows routers to continuously scan for and connect to open (and predefined WEP) wireless networks. Ultimately the goal is to develop an easily deployable firmware that facilitates fast and easy mesh network creation.
autoarchiv	Automatic MP3 Database and other formats
autobackup	This program is to help people to shedule the backup of their MySql databases without using the AT command. It siply opens the Dialog windows for the easy changing of the settings.
autobaiter	A system to automatically bait 419 scammers
autobcdef	AutoBCDEF is a command line application which allows for CD ripping and transcoding to multiple formats.
autobeatmatch	Would like to build an Auto-Beatmatching software for DJ/RADIO application.
autoblogger	Autoblogger will read recent del.icio.us bookmarks marked with a specified tag and create a link to them with the page title, as well as quote a random (filtered, given simple heuristics) excerpt of the text.
autobudget	AutoBudget takes your homebanking data and automatically generates a report that is very suitable for creating budgets. If you have homebanking data for one year back, and your economy hasn&#039;t changed much, you might almost use the report as the budg
autobuild	Autobuild allows platform specific configuration of software build processes to be defined in declarative Buildfiles. Autobuild automates software construction by executing build processes somultaneously on a number of different platfrooms.
autocalendar	A highly customizable and easy to install web app, Auto Calendar is a multi-purpose time management tool, handling dates, events and many other aspects you might clutter a normal desk calendar with. Comes with a number of specialized calendar tools.
autocar	The autocar project seeks to develop an autonomous ground vehicle. The project scope includes the design of the vehicle hardware and embeeded software, additional server side/PC software will be needed as well.
autocase	Autocase is a language and toolset for automatically generating and executing unit tests in a javadoc fashion.  Unit test parameters will be defined in the design stage and then extracted and executed on the fly.
autocash	AutoCash is a simple, intuitive cashing system for gastronomic purposes.
autocast	A software suite used for managing multiple podcasts, designed for use by students and teachers.
autocdmount	AutoCD Mount is a tool that will mount the cd automatically when the user inserts CD to cdrom and it will create shortcut icon in desktop to access tha mounted folder(like USB mount on Linux machines) and unmount also .
autochannel	Automatic channel selector for IEEE 802.11 a/b/g modes using Wireless Extensions
autocheck	Autocheck is a distributed, extensively configurable, systems monitoring tool for unix&#039;es written in Perl. It includes SMS and email notification and a lot of checks.
autocisco	AutoCisco, programmed with AutoIt! software, aims to automate the authentication process of CleanCiscoAgent. This software, used by many universities shuts down weekly at night. This program enables the user to automatically login the network.
autoclicker	AutoClicker is a little application written in Java. It&#039;s aim is to give pay-per-view providers a chance to test their security by playing the attacker! Just compile a list of proxyservers and enter the target and this app &quot;clicks&quot; it as o
autocluster	The idea of this project is to create a bootable CD, something like SuSE live eval which can be used to boot any PC (or Mac, hopefully) on a Network and log it onto a cluster.  Any help is welcome!
autocode	Tired of manually inserting code that you get from sites like Codeguru or Codeproject? This project seeks to automate that process for you.
autocomic	A set of perl scripts to auto-download daily web comics (e.g. userfriendly.org) for offline viewing.  Cronnable.  Uses perl, wget and grep.
autocondat	Autocondat- (Automatization in Data Control Management) is the ultimate and most innovative response in enterprise management systems. Client/Server oriented, it provides a strong solution for many types of business. Part of Erpa-Dina trilogy.
autocontroller	Autostart-Controller ist ein Programm, mit dem man bequem das automatische Startverhalten von Programmen beeinflussen kann. Es wurde in Delphi 6 programmiert. Momentan befindet sich das Programm noch in der Entwicklung, sodas BUG&#039;s vorkommen k?nnen.
autocvs	The aim of this project is to make it easier to keep the source code updated with the server on projects that use CVS.  Keeping up to date source files on SourceForge.com projects will be automated.
autocvstraker	Currently for developer consumption. This is a tool to automatically monitor selected directories mounted in your filesystem. When a change in a file is detected it is automatically comitted to CVS. New files and directories are added and comitted.
autodafe	Autodafé is a fuzzing framework able to uncover buffer overflows by using the fuzzing by weighting attacks with markers technique.
autodefrag	AutoDeFrag is a launcher for the standard defragmenter built into Windows 2000. The standard defragmenter does not support the ability to be scheduled, and therefore must be manually launched when required, once for each fixed disk in your system.
autodep	&quot;autodep&quot; is another effort to automatically collect the C/C++ source file dependencies during the compile and make process. This works with GCC, but it may work with other compiler. &quot;autodep&quot; achieves the puropose by processing &quot
autodeploy	A framework in support of Visible Ops step #3, to assist system administrators with creating automated, repeatable deployments of productions systems.
autodetect	Autodetect is intended to be a replacement for the GNU autoconf suite. It should be able to run on any system that has an ISO C compiler.
autodoc	document management, digitise paper based transaction, Information Management System
autodonations	Very simple to use donation and pledge tracking software for non-profits (synagogues, churches, cults, etc.) using PHP/MySQL (NO Javascript).  Allows printing of invoices/bills using any browser with cookies and CSS.
autodraw	Auto Draw is an set of vba and arx applications, for land development in AutoCad. It will include and a set of tools like hatches,linetypes and blocks.
autodvorak	Automatic program to create keyboard layouts similar to the dvorak layout in any other language.
autoeclipse	Eclipse Automation is an experimental project that aims to develop the Domain Object Model approach to automation and utilize it with many different scripting engines.
autoexec	Autoexec is a tool written in python to generate autoexec files of the game Wolfenstein - Enemy Territory (ET) such as configs, and maps for the enemy&#039;s respawn timer.
autoficon	Automatic File type converter Daemon - automatically converts the file type while renaming a file, based on the source and destination file extension. Currently it supports conversion for image types and provides a GTK+ frontend.
autofile	An e-mail filing system that will automatically sort an incoming e-mail message to the appropriate folder by learning the user&#039;s mail folders contents. Will also include an option to correct errors in filing.
autofilebackup	Fast and easy to use file backuping tool. The user can add files or directories (including recursevly). Backed up files can be compressed with tar or tar.gz and then mailed to the specified mail with a summary of the operation.
autofiler	Autofiler is an automatic serverside mail filer application based on Bayesian text classification. In combination with an IMAP server, autofiler can file messages in folders automatically and transparently.
autofilter	Set of scripts for parsing syslog files for suspect activity and adding firewall blocks.
autoform	Builds HTML form fields according to a definition; Upon form submission performs server-side validation using regular expression matching; If validation fails, displays error messages. Previously entered field values won&#039;t be lost.
autoformattext	Adds to IntelliJ the ability to reformat text. This is particularly useful when editing Javadoc comments or files with free text paragraphs (like text or XML document).
autoforms	A library to automatically create GUI forms, using WxHaskell and &quot;Scrap Your Boilerplate&quot; generics.
autofsng	Autofsng - The next generation automounter for Linux
autogallery	AutoGallery is a PHP gallery system that does not need a database.  The script support multiple gallery and any images format.
autogen	AutoGen is designed to generate text files containing repetitive text with varied substitutions.  Its goal is to simplify the maintenance of programs that contain large amounts of repetitious text, especially when needed in parallel tables.
autogen-pl	A generic generation script, purpouse is the initial stage of a build procedure (autoconf etc.), instead of creating new shell script for each project, you can use this one, for more eas to use.
autogetsublime	AutoGetSublime is an adult scrapper program that grabs from the website sublimedirectory.com. It has thumbnails, downloading queueing, boolean search and a category filter. It can be run from the command line or GUI.
autogg	Autogg is an ogg player for linux. It will automatically sort your ogg-files for easy access. It is programmed in c++ using the gtk graphics library.
autograf	AutoGraf is an automatic class visualization tool for Objective-C. It reverse-engineers code and generates hirez UML diagrams using the GraphViz framework. AutoGraf also integrates with DocoaBrowser to give you visual browsing of code documentation.
autograph	A simple graphing system to make bar graphs from ODBC data sources
autogui	This small utility is used for easily writing Windows autorun scripts.
autoguider	AutoGuider is an integrated environment for continuation and bifurcation analysis.  Based on Auto2000, it is designed to be portable and easy to use/install. Features includes a project manager, support for MathML and SBML, and SVG export of graphics.
autohelm	Autohelm is a set of software and hardware designs that enable a radio controlled (RC) sailboat to evaluate its environment and sail as an unmanned autonomous vehicle (UAV) to a pre-determined location in an optimal fashion avoiding obstacles en route.
autohit	Autohit is an XML script system written in java and intended for testing systems, rather than production. The XML scripts are compiled and executed in a VM. The system can be extended by adding modules written in java. Developed by Erich Gatejen.
autohome-v1	AutoHome(Automatic Home Management System) to schedule Television,DVD,and any Infrared based devices(Roboraptor and RoboSapien)to work automatically.Can Send(transmit)/Recieve Remote Control Signals, launch EXE files in Computers/PC .It uses USBUIRT.
autohost	Similar to WHMAutoPilot, AutoHost attempts to create an online system to manage, create and process new accounts through WHM. AutoHost will also create invoices, allow afflates along with other support functions.
autohostclient	The AutoHost Client is a program to automate the interactions with the Stars! AutoHost web site, as well as some other common actions such as making backups of turn files, launching Stars!, and dumping fleet and planet reports.
autoindexer	This is web-based project like autoindex
autoinstaller	AutoInstaller is a program which can install and uninstall programs based on the decision of plug-ins. These could include by schedule, at user demand, or a more complex scenario. It uses plug-ins to handle tar.gz, tgz, zip, and rpm files.
autoit-hilfe	Übersetzung der aktuellen Hilfe zu AutoIt. Es wird versucht, immer wieder auf den aktuellen Stand auch der Beta-Helpfiles zu kommen. Von www.autoit.de.
autoj	autoj is an automated build system for Java based on autoconf, make, bash and some other GNU tools. If your project follows some simple guidelines autoj can: set the CLASSPATH, compile, build JavaDoc, build jar, build tar.gz, start your project, ...
autojar	Autojar creates jar files of minimal size from different inputs like own classes, external archives etc. It recursively searches the bytecode for references to other classes, extracts these from the archives, and copies them to the output.
autojml	A JML generator. Generates JML specifications based on other specification formalisms.
autojock	Music player that automatically does beat matching/beat mixing just like a real DJ
autokennzeichen	Nie mehr Kennzeichen raten! Ein Java-MIDlet für mobile Geräte (Handy, PDA) dass zu Autokennzeichen die Städte angibt. Never guess license plates again! A Java-MIDlet for mobile devices which gives city names for the abbreviations on license plates.
autokermit	A free implementation of the Kermit file transfer protocol written as a state machine in C. Originally commercial software for Windows 3.1 and now runs on 95, 98, 2000 and XP. Compiles with open source tools so no proprietary software is needed. GNU GPL.
autokernel	Autokernel, a program that automatically recompiles and optimizes the kernel to your needs.
autolink	perl tool for automating maintenance of multiple similarly-configured unix machines with local customizations. incrementally installable. file-based.
autolist	Autolist - Inspired by the Gmail&#039;s address autocomplete and wick (from sourceforge), I decided to code my own simple, yet customisable autocomplete utility. It can be plugged into any webapp and simply configured to select the data from your own DB.
autolog	AutoLog provides a drop-in functionality to enable logging in existing &amp; running code. No changes to code are required. Logging code is inserted into byte code dynamically.
autologin	AutoLogin is a Perl based broadband dialer for Reliance Broadband users in India.
autologon	Enable Windows Autologon without storing the cleartext password in the Registry.
autom	Automated simplified services creation (JMX, WS) with fine grained authorization for JBoss
automagic	Automagic is a collection of automated Linux scripts and GUI apps helping the desktop user easily perform tasks, and install/configure programs, services or peripherals. These will replace command-line chores with user-friendly interfaces and &quot;wizar
automagic-app	AutoMagic is a fork of the Mindless Automaton project. Its intent is to create a FOSS for playing Magic: the Gathering card-game with other AutoMagic users and interfacing with Magic Workstation users available on Linux, and later other operating systems
automagic-ha	AutoMagic is a Java based home automation system. It will allow the control of any home automation products through easy to code hardware interfaces and devices. It will have an event manager, mangement GUI, scripting, and a remote client interface.
automagicutils	The Automagic Utility Script can: -Set up a Wifi connection -Renew a lost Wifi signal -Back up your home directory to burn on disk -Compile a program from a archive -Launch the Unoffical Ubuntu guide
automail	To develop a clean integration with Sendmail/Qmail (IMAP html frontend) and PHPNuke portal system. The product will be developed initially as a Nuke module, but will expand to standalone use.
automailsorter	Mozilla Thunderbird plugin for intelligent sorting of mail. The plugin try sort mails when their arrive in right folder.
automan	AutoManager 2006ex is a application for cargo carrier companies. It was developed to simplify the process of accounting auto&#039;s travel, manage list of employes and else...
automanga	AutoManga will provide authoring tools (integrated with the Skencil vector graphics program) and PyGame (SDL) based display tools for parametric character animation, with tools and helpers optimized for &quot;manga-style&quot; characters. Uses 2D SVG &qu
automanic	Automanic is a vehicular deathmatch game, hopefully becoming the best of Twisted Metal, Interstate &#039;76, the Burnout Games, and Carmageddeon, focussing on cross-country carnage. It uses Crystal Space, CEL, and ODE. It is written in C++ and Python.
automatedliving	Automated Living is a concept goal, to have your htpc, calendar, mobile phone, partable audio and day planner electronically ascend to a higher level of interoperability.
automatedradio	Automated radio console (FX, Music, Publicity management &amp; more)
automateit	AutomateIT! is called to automate the integration of OpenOffice with office software. MS Office objects are being replaced with OpenOffice analogues and after that any application that exports data to Microsoft Office exports them to OpenOffice instead.
automatha	Educational project in the Carlos III  university of madrid with Automatic grammar recognition research purposes
automatic-drake	UNIX Shell script tht automates XMMX,Multimedia Codecs,NVU,Changes Repostitory and many othe desktop features for ubuntu 6.6 user
automaticproxy	This Script automatically configures proxy in all your browsers. At a organizational level you can have this script common for a group, so that changes in them doesnt need a update in each of the developers machine.
automatiks	automatiKs is a kommander-script that installs graphical for example codecs and other programms, which are not easy to install. It´s based on the automatix-script of arnieboy.
automatool	AutomaTool is a library for Scilab, a free scientific software package, that helps the user with the analysis of automata.
automator	API to create workflow of actions much like Apple Automator. Although Apple Automator served as base idea, this API is not intended to be a port of Apple Automator Objective-C API.
automatous-monk	Automatous Monk is a Java application that maps cellular automaton evolutions into music.  The resulting music is represented as jMusic scores that can be played and saved as MIDI files.  A real-time version, which uses JSyn, is also available.
automatrix	A comprehensive information and workflow management system for automotive dealership service departments and independant service facilities.
autometer	AutoMeter is a X11/Xt/Xaw application scanning and representing Linux (tm) /proc/* and more metrics in a automatically optimal scalling Athena Widget, called AutoScale. AutoScale is full color and has many representation options.
automike	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
automne	Automne?, a CMS application for creating web pages includes a collaborative workflow system with automatic alerts, multi-site mgmt., graphical template mgmt., an integrated WYSIWYG and generates xHTML. Automne is built in object-oriented Php.
automod	A perl-script that change the mode of files in a directory. It can detect different file-formats and mod them in a logical manner
automodule	Small program for enumerate all the PCI and USB devices in system, check if the device is supported by the kernel, automatically load necessary modules for this devices. Used in small embedded systems with less disk space and stripped kernel features.
automonial	After being unable to find a decent automated testimonial script for websites, I decided to write one of my own.  This is my effort.
automote	Semi-Automated Debugger for TinyOS Network Applications
automower	This project simulates an autonomous lawn mower in order to explore path finding algorithms and artificial intelligence.
automsvc	A build-management tool used for manually generating Microsoft Visual Studio DSP (project) and DSW (workspace) files, or automatically generating such files based on existing Makefile(s)/Makefile.am(s), written in perl.
automysqlbackup	A script to take daily, weekly and monthly backups of your MySQL databases using mysqldump. Features - Backup mutiple databases - Single backup file or to a seperate file for each DB - Compress backup files - Backup remote servers - E-mail logs - More..
autonap	A console napster/opennap-client written in Perl (requires 5.6) with both interactive and non-interactive mode allowing to let it run unattendedly.
autonomous	The Autonomous is a powerful framework to make autonomous class tests. With it you can make the autonomous objects with your operations, specify one behavior then start the process. The tests will be executed in linear, circular or aleatory way. Enjoy!
autoonslaught	A destruction racing game similar to Twisted Metal and Carmageddon
autoopencas	GNU Autoconf, Automake and Libtool scripts and makefiles for the Open CASCADE solid modeler. http://www.opencascade.org
autooptioncli	A library for quickly adding flags to a C++ application, by extending this is a base class. Automatically embeds help and xml rendering. Gui wrapper (not finished) should either generate CLI scripts or execute directly.
autopackage	Autopackage provides a framework for creating easy-to-use and multi-distribution Linux installers/packages.
autopar	Extension of the GNU autotools with respect to different mpi versions, parallel operating environments and batch systems. The aim is to deploy, compile and run mpi code in fully automatic fashion on any HPC platform.
autopatch	AutoPatch is an automated Java patching system. Among other things, it allows a Java application to easily do things like keep a database schema in sync with what new application versions require thus radically lowering the cost of database maintenance.
autoperl	Autoperl provides a &#039;./configure&#039; script to include with your Perl-based application that performs many useful functions: dependency checking, linking, installing, packaging, and Makefile generation.
autopgsqlbackup	A postgresql port of the automysqlbackup script.
autopgsqlbakup	Automatic Postgresql backup script. Daily, weekly, monthly. Backup rotation. Remote backup.
autopilot	autopilot is a command and control system for helicopters (and can be extended for fixed wing aircraft).  It provides a three-axis EFIS and moving map on the ground station.  The unmanned aerial robot has instrumentation for attitude, engine and position
autopilot-r	autopilot automatically analyzes oligonucleotide or spotted cDNA microarray data using underlying R and Bioconductor software. It requires no programming from the user and implements popular normalization and statistical algorithms.
autoping	A small app to ping a device and log the results to a text file.
autopipes	Pipes is a desktop system which analyzes an Autocad drawing of a sprinkler system, checks for flaws and after these are eliminated, adds the size/diameter labels to the drawing.
autopkg	autopkg helps to automate Slackware package creation.  Once an autopkg rules file has been created for a program, it may be used to easily create a package from the program&#039;s source. autopkg acts as a wrapper around the rules, which are perl.
autoplay	AutoPlay is fullscreen software for your Windows-based AutoPC.  It replaces Windows Explorer, and provides touchscreen-friendly, easy-to-read functions.  It serves as the launching point for MP3&#039;s (with cover art), videos, games, visualization, etc
autoplayiso	The autoplayiso is a smaller version of Limp with an autoplay feature.\nIt is configured to automatically play multimedia files \nif these are in the same CD. Also, this project has a script \nnamed mkautoplayiso to create CDs with autoplay-Limp inside.
autopoweroff	Autopoweroff is a deamon that shuts down the server at a specific time if no other  workstations on the LAN are on nor if any user is working on it .  A GUI is provided for configuration.  Usefull for home servers running as firewalls/routers.
autoprofile	AutoProfile is an instant-messanging away message and profile manager that supports highly customized dynamic text.  It runs as a plugin that extends the features of the Gaim IM client.
autoproxy4j	Currently Java does not support the execution of autoproxy scripts.  I wrote some Java code with the help of Mozilla&#039;s Rhino (implementation of JavaScript written entirely in Java) to get the result of an autoproxy script.
autoprune	Temporary and short-term file management using file date/times, attributes, regular expression filtering to copy/move/recycle/delete files.
autopsi	autoPSI is a PersonalInformationManager created especially for the need of students
autopsy	The Autopsy Forensics Browser is a graphical interface to The Sleuth Kit (TASK).  Autopsy allows one to view allocated and deleted file system content in a &quot;File Manager&quot; style interface and perform key word searches.
autoq	Generate Stored Procedure (insert, update, delete and select) from MS SQL Server Tables, fill connection fileds and choice database / table(s) and click Generate button. 4 stored procedure on 4 seconds.
autoq3d	AutoQ3D - a complete QT quick 3d model editor program
autoqt	autoqt consists of autoconf m4 macros, Makefile.am templates, and documentation on using autoconf and automake to build Qt applications and libraries.  autoqt allows Qt to be used with autotools on all platforms that Qt supports, including MS Windows usi
autoquote	AutoQuote system, going to developed by Team of MS students using ORACLE JSF/ADF/Toplink.
autoradio	Radio automation software developped in python with a modular conception. Basic components are a player seperated from the front end GUI that permit live, an automation component is also planned.
autorealm	AutoREALM is a free role-playing game mapping program originally made by Andrew Gryc. This program is an excellent mapping program that can design castles, caves, cities, dungeons and more. New developers are more than welcome!
autorealm2svg	A simple conversion tool from AutoREALM (http://sourceforge.net/projects/autorealm/) native formats (AuR, AuRX planned) into SVG for inclusion in websites.
autoreg	PHP and MySQL based registration/results display system for Autocross and Racing use.
autoreleasedeb	Automatically release/upload debian packages from CVS. Take packages managed by cvs-buildpackage, generate and dupload them when you change the debian/changelog file.
autorepairalldb	Repair all the tables and databases in a server, you can use this tool if you a network administrator and your server hang, the script will automatically repair all the tables, we just need the path for the mysql data directory and root password database
autorequire	Tools for writing software requirements as sets of unit tests. AutoRequire can test not only correct functionality, but also complexity constraints in time or space. For example you can require f(n) operate in time O(n^2). Plays nicely with GNU autotools
autorespond-it	AutoRespond-It! is a follow-up email autoresponder program built using PHP and MySQL.  Supports single or multiple users, unlimited autoresponders under one user account, broadcast messages, statistic reports, HTML and text messages, and much more...
autoresult	AutoResult archives results from junit (and possibly other types of test suites) and provides basic browsing and correlation capabilities.
autorib	AutoRIB. A program to process Renderman RIB code, to adjust it and to allow the automatic generation of shadow and environment maps.
autoripper	AutoRipper provides a means of automating the process of ripping audio CDs using a robotically controlled CD Rom jukebox.
autorobot	Creation of multiple autonomous vehicles that will work collaboratively to traverse unchartered territory. The data generated will be sent to a computer connected using wireless technolgy which will then process the data to generate a map of the region.
autorun	autorun automagically recognizes all available CDROMs in the system, mounts them upon insertion of a media and executes a possible autorun executable on the CD. The user can remove the media; autorun will call unmount after that.
autorungenie	This software allows you to create Autorun (.inf) files for CD-ROMS.
autosail	The project aims to have RC (remote controlled) sailboats sail autonomously given sensor inputs and aggressiveness parameters. It does not include auto-nav features, just the ability to maintain a tack at optimum angle. Contact me if you would like to pl
autosat	Utilizing NMAP, Nessus and additional security assessment tools to perform security assessments in a large environment, with a web-based console for complete management of the project
autoscan	AutoScan is an application designed to explore and to manage your network. Entire subnets can be scanned simultaneously without human intervention. It features OS detection, automatic network discovery, a nessus client, a Samba share browser, and a port
autosemantix	AutoSemantix is a round-trip code generation tool designed to streamline the creation of Semantic Web applications for the Java platform.
autosftwrupdt	autosoftwareupdate allows the automation of Apple&#039;s softwareupdate command-line utility for Mac OS X.
autosh	A Unix Shell code generator. The target shell code will be run under all the UNIX-like platforms. Programming Languages : m4,shell.
autositemap	AutoSitemap is a useful tool that allow you to create and modify the google sitemap of your site visually.Unlike the other tools, AutoSitemap can add dynamic URLs with serial parameters (eg. http://d/show.php?id=1, http://d/show?id=2..)
autositephp	AutositePHP is a content management system (CMS) written in PHP which gives users the capability to manage a dynamic website. Through a series of user-friendly admin panels you can easily and quickly modify your site.
autosocscien	this project receives economy data from data source and analyses these data using clasical method
autosplitimage	A simple tool for splitting a page with multiple scanned photos back into single image files with one photo per file.
autosprdsheet	AutoSpreadsheet is a programmable macro tool for .xls format spreadsheets. It is ideal for situations when you have to perform a repetitive series of operations on a spreadsheet with a known layout but with arbitrary data.
autosql	AutoSQL provides a simple and easy to use framework meant to be a substitute for J2EE Entity beans and JDO.  AutoSQL data objects give just the right abstraction from a writing SQL without being too far removed from the power of SQL.
autostars	Autostar Sandbox, or &quot;autostars&quot; for short, is a sandbox environment in which people can learn about the GNU autotools and friends through stripped-to-the-bone tests, allowing for a quicker learn cycle.  Anyone with build/configure problems sho
autostrip	AutoStrip is a specialist PHP CMS for running a webcomic site. Including scheduled strips, archiving, multiuser blog systems, and more!
autosubtitle	This is a very useful tool for Chinese users with less computer skill watching Foreign movies easier. It automatically find movie subtitle from share sites (e.g. www.shooter.cn) and config them ready for watching.
autosummary	AutoSummary uses Natural Language Processing to generate a contextually-relevant synopsis of plain text. It uses statistical and rule-based methods for part-of-speech tagging, word sense disambiguation, sentence deconstruction and semantic analysis.
autosurfmanager	Manage your Autosurf investements, keeping them well organised. Watch graphic statistics of your site, week, monthly balance. Don&#039;t forget cashout day and to surf each site you&#039;re a member of. All this with &quot;AutoSurf Investment Manager&quo
autoswap	autoswap is a tool (written in Perl) that allows for swap space to be created automatically based upon the amount of RAM in the machine or configuration.  Useful for cluster configuration.
autosysadmin	The purpose of this project is to build a multi threaded, scriptable engine which can automatically perform mundane systems admin tasks. For example monitor a web server and should it stop responding then restart it. Should that fail then backup the syst
autotabla	Autotabla is a CGI web interface to your programs SQL tables. Just provide an XML description of your schema, and you&#039;ll be able to create/modify/delete records. HTML output fully customizable through CSS. Database independence through Perl/DBI.
autotag	This program automatically adds tags to your pictures on flickr.com. First it computes the tags by image processing, then the user can choose which tags he wants to add to a certain picture.
autotax	Autotax is a set of Adobe Acrobat US tax forms that automatically calculate. Autotax is based on publicly available IRS Adobe PDFs. Javascript is added to enable calculations within and between documents. Autotax needs your help, please contact the admin
autotca	Program for automatic exctaction of TCA (transverse chromatic aberration) correction parameters for fulla (Hugin).
autotek	Autotek: Is a post Windows install auto-setup utility that downloads all windows updates, install the latest and greatest free software from either the internet or local copies and will configure certain parts of Windows XP automatically for you.
autotemplate	`Autotemplate&#039; is a document&#039;s templates library manager. Users can use, and overload the default templates library ; also easely create new templates. A template can here be define as a specific files hierarchy, defined with rules and paramete
autotest	Extensions to JUnit that provide hierarchical grouping and XML based run-time test configuration.
autotest-frmwrk	The auto-test framework is focusing on software backend feature testing, which is designed with flexible architecture, cross-platform and extensible reports. This framework has been used for testing various SMTP/POP/HTTP gateway products.
autotestgen	AutoTestGen is a wrapper for the AlloyAnalyzer that provides a framework for translating Alloy models into test cases.
autotestnet	Autonet is an GUI network test platform, internally it&#039;s based on CLI to communicate with devices. It can help you to arrange test cases, setup commands to devices ,run commands to check results and record test results.
autotheme	AutoTheme HTML Theme System for MD-Pro, PostNuke, PHP-Nuke, CPG-Nuke and eNvolution CMS. Customize all parts of your site and use only HTML; block display, Home Page, User Pages, Admin Pages, modules pages, blocks. Graphical admin integrated into the CMS
autotools-idl	autotools-idl is a patch for automake and some autoconf scripts which add support for IDL and C++ ORBs.
autotoolset	Autotoolset is both a colection of small tools (scripts, emacs macros, etc.) to simplify project development with autoconf/automake/libtool/texinfo/emacs and a good documentation on how to get started on these tools and the whole GNU software model.
autotorrent	This tool provides a simple way to schedule downloading of torrents, especially useful for downloading episodes of tv-shows and other reoccuring releases but not only - it is also useful for upcomming releases you wish to schedule a download for.
autotrack	AutoTrack aims to provides Internet user an auto system for track network attack. It will use some other network security tools,such as snort, traceroute, nmap, NTOP, etc, but give a unify console, so user can freely use it in Internet.
autotracker	Auto Tracker provides a simple method of tracking vehicle fuel efficiency and maintenance. Auto Tracker is currently written in PHP and must have a SQL database back-end.
autotrader	An automated trading system that uses Interactive Brokers ActiveX to place trades only on Futures contracts (ES,YM,NQ). While using eSignal data feed and TA-LIB (http://sourceforge.net/projects/ta-lib/) to calculate and generate Buy/Sell Signals.
autotunnel	Runs in windows system tray and automatically connects SSH connections for port tunneling (SSH tunneling) when a network connection becomes available
autounit	AutoUnit is a test tool aimed at test case automatic generation. It accepts a UML/OCL model as input, automatic generate unit test suites.
autoupdate	Add auto update ability to an exsiting software. Just use serveral lines of code, your software will has the live update function. And you can view the clients update status, create update package on the server side through a GUI program. Support C#/VC/V
autoupdater	AutoUpdater is a Java API and a program to automatically install code from a web server to a client.  Clients running it will mirror the target directory structure from the server.  Supports compressed server files and incremental updates.
autovat	AutoVat provide a tool to freelance workers for invoice and bills management. The tool can generate the VAT form filled to present to the local tributary agency
autoverkauf	Projekt im Berufsschulfach Software. Ein Autoverkaufprojekt mit Java GUI und HTML-Interface mit Access-Datenbankanbindung
autovermietung	Ein Projekt aus der Softwaretechnik - Vorlesung an der HTWM
autowallpaper	Program for automatic changing wallpapers.
autoweb	The aim of Pro Clan Manager is to create an international content management system dedicated to helping Clans or Guilds work together and have a good looking website that is W3C valid.
autowebgallery	Automatic thumbnailing program for web-based photogallaries.
autowebserver	AWSFS is a set of tools and Scripts, who downloads, compiles and installs a Full featured Apache Webserver with Perl, PHP, PHPmyadmin, Mysql and Apache::ASP
autowikibrowser	AutoWikiBrowser is semi-automated Wikipedia editor, designed to make tedious, repetitive tasks quicker and easier. It works its way through a list of articles, making changes. All edits must be approved manually, except for ones made by approved bots.
autowin	AutoWin is an automated testing framework designed to facilitate win32 UI automated testing.  Although the framework is developed in C#/.NET technology, it can be utilitized to test all win32 UI elements that supports windows messaging.
autoxvid	Automatically call VirtualDubMod and Lame to compress your mpeg2 DV\nto Xvid video with mp3 audio. Help you save different xvid compress \nparameters.
autrealm	Autumn&#039;s Realm is a role playing game for Java-enabled mobile phones. It features an overhead view, multiple fighting styles, magic, and dozens of monsters and locations to explore. Requires MIDP 2.0; See http://jbenchmark.com to check on your phone
autsms	autsms ist ein ein Skript das es erm?glicht ?ber eine Shell Kurznarchrichten(SMS) ins ?sterreichische Mobilfunktnetz zu versenden.
autumn-bb	Autumn Business Basic is an Open-Source Business Basic RunTime Engine.
aututor	test-based to-learn environment for students
auvai	Auvai is a Java API and Java Swing based application for Text to Speech conversion of Unicode Tamil. Future direction of this API and application is to support Text to Speech conversion for all &quot;Indic&quot; languages.
auvid	Audio &amp; video encoder. It uses lame to encode wav to mp3 or convert mp3 to mp3 with new bitrate. In future it will also encoding video using DivX and Xvid and ac3 to mp3 or wav. Graphic interface.
aux	This project is for the continued development of a digital Jukebox for consumer and later commercial use.
auxchat	AUXChat has died, the source was lost, and the project was not finished.  A rewrite is under way, and as soon as some code is anywhere near functional, this site will be updated.
auxel	This project is about building a training program for the blind people. It will train blind people to use a device, which converts the image captured, pixel by pixel into sound. Help from experts is invited. we are working towards eradicating blindness.
auxiliary	auxiliary is a object-oriented framework in PHP designed to make it easier administrating one or more websites. It may be extended to complete stand-alone web based applications.
auxilium	Auxilium Helpdesk is a system for registering and managing user requests.
auxion	A project in JAVA that simulates shopping and bidding on the lines of ebay.com, requires a SQL-backend and tomcat-frontend.
auxreader	RSS, Atom feed reader in PHP
auyamaxen	This program controll the vm from the web and allow create delete and back-up, the vm, the users can only restart, start, stop, status they own vm. and make the snap shot
auzaz	A platform game about Egypt for children with 5-6 years old. AuZaz is a little warrior must destroy Seth that catched his brother Osiris. In background theres is puzzles for development linguistics skills.
av-hdd	An OSX application to emulate a hardware AV-HDD i.link device that connects to modern televisions via FireWire (IEEE1394) that supports this video link.
av3d	Provides OS Independent interface to OpenGL, Sound/Music, and input devices [keyboard, mouse, joysticks].
av4odf	av4odf is validation tool for accessibility of the OpenDocument format file.\nThis project for IBM Accessibility ODF Coding Challenge 2006.
av8	The AV8 window navigator is a GNOME-based taskbar-replacement.
ava	AVA (Ambiente Virtual de Aprendizagem) ? um sistema de gerenciamento do ensino e aprendizagem que funciona pela Internet. Este Projeto teve como base o projeto &quot;LearnLoop1&quot;, usado e desenvolvido na Universidade Regional de Blumenau (FURB).
ava-sbs	AVA SBS is a collaboration of Open-Source software designed to give small businesses a cost effective server solution with Enterprise capabilities. AVA-SBS gives business an easy to administrate Primary Domain Controller, Print Server, File Server, Email
avacet	Please visit us at http://www.avacet.com.
avacs	AVACS - Advanced Vehicle Automated Control System
avadan	Avadan is some kind of &quot;rogue&quot; or &quot;hack&quot; in space. Player travels from planet to planet in order to find the mystical oracles hidden on some of the planets. Once landed on one, player has to search rogue-like dungeons for the oracles.
avadmin	AV Admin can be used to manage a whole audiovisual department. It includes many features, including logging, user management, and much more!
avae	Ack!Mud Visual Area Editor is an editor to modify and create Ack!Mud area files more easily than the in-game area editor. Built using Java SWT/JFace.
avaele	English:Avaele is a way to make tests for teachers apply on students. Avaele create random questions for print diferents tests.\nPortugês:Avaele cria testes para professores aplicar em estudantes. Criando testes diferentes, com questões aleatórias.
available	Available is a little daemon which calculate the percentage of time you can access to a web server.
avaix	On-Access Anti-Virus detection using Samba VFS on IBM AIX using Sophos Anti-Virus libraries.
avalanche	Avalanche is a C/C++ software platform for creating grid aware applications. By using Avalanche a programmer can make use of the resources of other Avalanche slave nodes to solve very complex calculations by distributing tasks among them.
avalanche-chat	Avalanche-Chat is program designet for local networks, it contains file exchange module, simple ping module, IP checking, private and public chat.
avalanchegdk	The Avalanche Game Developement Kit is here to make Win32 C++  game coding easier and more productive for new and old programmers.
avalerion	Avalerion is a web publishing and management system written in php.  It provides tools for managing a blog, article repositories, picture galleries, movie galleries, etc.  Also included is support for multiple blogs, plugins, custom templates, and more.
avalon-cms	New CMS web system for build big portals and sites with big contents
avalon-online	MMORPG for gameplay with friends who enjoy dark age gaming and enjoy a good time.
avalon1	This is intended to be a gadget that stores details about files and folder on a CD/DVD, so that one can easily track which file is on which CD/DVD. In the future, it would be implemented to contain also MP3/AAC tags. Open for suggestion, also.
avalonbyond	Avalon and BYOND is a game made for the BYOND DreamSeeker (available at http://www.byond.com) Was the first and ONLY source code for the BYOND system on Sourceforge but now I appear to have become a trendsetter!
avalonweb	Avalon - a fantasy, open source, enterprise website design kit.  Development of the Avalon project is temporarily on hold.  Please visit the project demo homepage for more information.
avalosworld	Avalos World. Open Source Project emulator for &quot;Tibia&quot; based on OTServ CVS.
avango	A framework for building distributed virtual reality applications, based on OpenGL|Performer(TM)
avanor	A relatively easy to win but feature rich fantasy roguelike game with a highly interactive world. Avanor was once a great land, but now it is an isolated valley kingdom under serious threat. You, as the hero must save Avanor, or dominate it.
avantemplate	AvanTemplate is a template engine for PHP. It is multi-byte safe and consumes little computing resource. It supports variable replacement, block that can be set to hidden or shown, loop, multple-depth loop, and inclusion of external template file.
avantfax	Multiuser HylaFAX PHP/MySQL Web interface for viewing faxes online, downloading &amp; emailing in PDF format, and categorizing &amp; archiving all sent and received faxes.
avarial	Avarial is an RPG similar to those of the SNES days (Like FF6) only it is played entirely through a web browser using DHTML.
avarice	AVaRICE is a program for interfacing the Atmel JTAG ICE to GDB to allow users to debug their embedded AVR target.
avastuproject	Avastu Appliances will be packaging and developing a web interface for end users.  This web console will give users a web administration interface where they can convert their Virtual Appliances to any format like XenSource, VMware, etc.
avatags	avaTags stands for Avatar&#039;s Custom Tags (from KLJUG), compliant with JSR052(JSTL) specifications.\n\nE.g.: &lt;ava:grep var=&quot;${grepResultsList}&quot; dir=&quot;/dev/logs&quot; regex=&quot;${regexValue}&quot; /&gt;\n\nIntended for easier/faster web 
avatar	Avatar is a multi-user virtual reality application that exploits computer vision principles to enable the use of a camera as a peripheral to interact with virtual assets. Avatar supports Windows, Mac OS X, Linux and maybe others.
avatar-it	phpnuke modules and standalone software relative to avatar the belgian live action roleplaying game (http://www.larp.be)
avatar-rit	This project was created for the game development competition being put on by RIT&#039;s Society of Software Engineers in 2006-2007.  The project itself is one of roughly 8 games entered into the competition.
avatara	In this fantasy MMORPG players not only play the world. Every player is involved in the ongoing development of the game world. Players may create new monsters, places, items through a special revenue system.
avatarmakerbr	A web-based application how to provide all peoples to customizing you avatar to use in intant messengers or pages (msn, orkut... etc).
avc	AVC (Access Version Control) is a free source code control system for MS Access. It aims to be a replacement for Microsoft&#039;s commercial Visual SourceSafe (VSS). It comes as a COM add-in for Access, providing the &quot;look &amp; feel&quot; known fro
avc2avi	avc2avi converts raw avc/h.264 streams to the avi format without reencoding.
avcalendar	AV Calendar Module for DotNetNuke.  This is an advanced web calendar/event module for the DotNetNuke (www.dotnetduke) open source web portal module.  The module includes many advanced calendar and event management functions.
avcc	Automatic Virtualization Cluster Control software.
avcon	If your project is using a standard license (i.e. the GPL), but is adding custom exceptions to the terms of this license, the detai
avconv	With AVConv, convert video files is automatic and invisible. It is specially designed for mobile applications. Coupled with Juice and ActiveSync / Hotsync, it provide a perfect solution to transfer podcast from web to offline video on mobiles.
avcore	AVCore is intended to be an advanced 3D game engine, with an intuitive and easy to learn toolset for asset design (world, effects, shaders, scripts, etc). Strong coding standards will keep things clean and easy to understand on the developer&#039;s end.
avcp	UPnP A/V Control Point for administering A/V MediaServer and A/V MediaRenderer devices.
avcs	This project intends to develop a system to control the vehicles over a wireless network. Each vehicle contains embedded software that interfaces with a set of sensors and actuators that allow the vehicle to navigate, to communicate with roadside sensors
avd	AVD is a continuation of the swim project.  The goal is to create a suitable SQL server from swim&#039;s not-installed DB, and to maintain the swim client.  AVD will be used as a gBootRoot method.
avdms	avDMS is an advanced opensource DMS (Document Management System)
avdx	AVDX is a library of classes created to make easy the creation and presentation of DirectX scenes.
ave	We construct a device that can receive a music stream from the network and then convert it into an audio signal. The stream is generated by a plug-in for a popular audio player on a PC.
avein	AveiN! is based on the proprietary GIS ArcView and functions as an interface between the GIS and the Open Source Software UMN Mapserver. AveiN! simplifies the process of getting an interactive map in the internet working also for non-UMN professionals.
avenger-2006	This is a Dynamic Portal Engine designed for a community Management in most online MMORPG. Optional Packages may include data for a Guildwars&#039; Guild Management.
aventuras-cli	Generic Graphica User Interface (GUI) client side application developed using Java programming language.
avenue	Avenue is a protocol for displaying objects with your friends. It&#039;s part Dashboard, part bulletin board, and part file sharing. Or, it can be all three!
avenuedbm	Avenue DBM is a cross platform, wxPython-based embedded database manager, allowing users to create and manage SQLite  and BerkeleyDB  databases. Support for exporting to multiple formats and migrating to new versions of supported databases.
averlogic	Security related products final bin code released,which including Multiplexer, Video Server, IP Camera, DVR and technical documents, etc. A common device driver that tested finished for 8051 or linux released.
averniasoc	Avernia Soccer pretends to be a multiplayer Soccer Management game based on the web. It allows you to run a soccer league with your friends using a web interface. At the moment only Spanish is supported but english is planned.
averti	A location-aware scheduler and reminder for Series 60 devices (Nokia 6620, et al).
avertvusb	AverMedia USB TV card driver for Linux
avetanabt	AvetanaBluetooth is a Java/JNI-Implementation of JSR-82 for Linux and J2SE. AvetanaBluetooth allows Programmers to easily use and offer Bluetooth services.
avexcms	A PHP/mySQL powered Content Management System designed to be easy to use and easily expandable in order to enable users to easily design and manage their websites.
avge	AVGE is the Advanced Video Game Emulator, which aims to emulate newest video game systems,  at the moment, a N64 emulator is in progress.
avgi	This project is for learning to write games while doing a couple of then and an engine core.
avi-ogminfo	AVI-OGM Info : A simple GUI/console program to get usefull informations from Media files. Supported formats are currently : AVI (*.avi), Ogg Video and Audio (*.ogm, *.ogg), MPEG Audio (*.mp3, *.mpa, *.mp2) and MPEG Video (*.mpg, *.mpeg)
avi2palm	Avi2palm is a simple PC to Mobile devices video converter.\nJust use avi2palm to create small video and reproduce it in your Palm, mobile, PSP or PDA.
avi2vcd	This is a bash script that will convert an avi (divx,xvid,avi) to a vcd. It is an interface to transcode and vcdimager. The script will ask for the file name, a temp directory, location for the bin cues, final name for bin/cue, desired cd length, etc...
avia	A file system indexer and file catalog tool. This includes CDs, a directory and its sub directories, volumes, mountable media. Recursively extracts/scans archives. Stores path, filename, md5sum. It does not require or use X
avian	Avian is a branch of the Perl libraries from the open source Avacet Application Framework.  Avian provides a model for building modperl and command-line application from reusable services and components.
avianfs	Avian Freeware Suite (AFS) provides two things: Developers with libraries for Java Swing Widgets, XML handling, Fortran95 and Pascal; End users (Medical students, doctors, scientists) with productivity tools they can use (quizzes, XML databasing &amp; PD
aviarycms	The project is a CMS with some nice new ideas. We are devoloping it as much as we can. For more details visit our homepage.
aviationist	Aviation IT tools: FBO ranking engine, Aircraft ranking engine, v-speeds database,  scheduling, downloads
aviatwebbrowser	A custom web browser application written for Pilots and Fixed Based Operators. GPL License. Source code available.
avicd	Don&#039;t you hate the way you have to enter complicated command lines every 30 minutes when you&#039;re creating an avi (divx) cd? Well this program automates it.
avicenn	This project aims to develop a Open Source Javascript Editor featuring line numbering, syntax highlighting, code autocompletion, automatic suggestion of objects properties, function finder, multi browser script edition, single click document navigation, 
avicodecpack	Avi Codec Pack is an all-in-one solution for AVI-video playback. The codec package features the most common codec and filters available today - enabling the end user to play most video files. Originally created by Streaming Media Technologies.
avicora	Avicora is a light, yet versatile BitTorrent client for Linux, Windows and Mac OS X.
avid	AntiVirus Installer/Destroyer or AVID is a program that removes specific antivirus products and installs Norton Corp 9. Although this program is not complete, it has a lot of potential. In addition, we have been working on various designs of the original
avida	In Avida, Darwinian evolution acts on populations of self-replicating computer programs with a Turing complete genetic basis.  These &quot;digital organisms&quot; experience natural selection through random mutations and competition for limited resources
avidb	aviDB is a java program to manage your divx-movie collection. it gathers information directly form the file header (eg bitrates, resolution, codecs, etc.) and from www.imdb.com (eg actors, plot, images, rating, etc.) and puts everything into a mysql db.
avidemux	Edit your avi, mpeg and nuv. Process audio and video. Cut.
avidus	Avidus is a financial charting, technical analysis, and trading strategy platform.
avieonline	AvieOnline Framework solution for Small-Medium Enterprises in the any business application. With implementations for Real Estate, Data Collaboration, Forums, CRM Help Desk, Accounting Softwares (Payroll, Time Tracker, others). This uses (Java 2 Enterpris
avieonline-lms	AvieOnline Framework solution for Learning Management System. This solution will provide repository for School, Courses Offered, Faculty, Students. The technology uses (Java 2 Enterprise Edition) J2EE concept.
avifile	Avifile is a library that allows you to read and write compressed AVI files  (Indeo? Video, DivX, etc.) under x86 Linux. (De)compression is performed with Win32 DLLs. It includes AVI player, video4linux-compatible capture program and simple AVI recompres
avignon	Avignon is an acceptance test system that allows you to write executable tests in a language that you define. It uses XML to define the syntax of the language but, if you choose to extend the language, leaves the semantics of the tests up to you.
avijoin	A cross-breed between Peck&#039;s Power Join and VirtualDub. Should provide all the functions of the first plus some of the functions of the seccond (like changing the audio and video compression).
avilas	The Avilas project aims to create an online environment to promote and facilitate creative collabouration in a variety of media.
avilibs	A set of C libraries for the manipulation of RIFF and .avi files.
avilon	The Avilon Project is a massive multiplayer online RPG, or roleplaying game. Based on the ever-popular ExoFusion system, the goal of the Avilon Project is to take gaming to an unprecedented level.
avinord	This project is intended to create a flexible article-posting board using PHP and MySQL.  The software will be simple enough that the PHP and SQL knowledge will not be necessary to use the software.
avinwebcam	Uses Microsoft VisualBasic 6.0, the Intel image processing library and the ezCap 6.0 OCX control to capture webcam images and upload them to FTP servers for online viewing.  Goal is to have an efficient program with ease of use and power.
avion	Firebird type 4 JDBC driver focused on performance with complete support of JDBC 3.0 including updatable resultSets, and batch updates.
aviones	Aviones is a modular flight simulator designed to facilitate the research and development of autopilots, including control, state estimation, and communication techniques.
avionics	This project is developing avionics for use in experimental aircraft. Systems under development with OpenGL include EFIS, NAV and EIS systems.
avip-inventory	AVIP Inventory - Audio Video Interactive Print - PHP-based inventory application. Keep track of your entertainment media - Books, CDs, DVDs, Games. Planned features: Modules for different media types, Language modules, Wish Lists, User Privileges
avipix	multimedia player/organiser. A kind of Apple(R) iTunes that manages audio/video/pictures.
avira-webmin	Webmin module for administering AVIRA products for UNIX, like WebGate, MailGate, Sendmail Milter, Server/Desktop.
avis	Avis is a flexible event router service compatible with the commercial Elvin implementation produced by Mantara Software. Avis provides a general-purpose, high performance publish/subscribe message bus using content-based subscriptions.
avisa	Ferramenta desenvolvida em Shell-Script capaz de emitir relatórios diários com informações sobre o hardware, sistema, rede e proxy, mantendo-se assim o administrador informado sobre os acontecimentos nestes servidores.
avisplice	A quick and easy tool which joins multiple AVI files into one long movie.
avisynth-linux	To Get Avisynth working smoothly under Linux (and other x86 OSs) while maintaining binary compatibility with existing plugins.
avisynth2	Avisynth is a scripting language and a collection of filters for simple (and not so simple!) non-linear video editing tasks. It frameserves video to applications.
avisynthesizer	SwiftAVS is a tool written in Visual Basic .NET that generates scripts for AviSynth Frameserving Tool. It supports AviSynth v2.5x and uses many popular filters written by random people.
avitools	Avi Tools is a set of tools for Linux to manipulate avi files (cut, merge, explore, stream extraction).
avl	AVL trees implementation
avl-array	Do you need a container for (A) random access? Then you need a vector, but don&#039;t abuse insert/erase; (B) insert/erase (wherever you want)? Then you need a list, but don&#039;t even try random access; (C) both? Choose avl_array! O(log n) for both!
avlmap	This is a C library with 2 API layers (key:data mapping and direct AVL access).  Features include lots of data types, ordered retrieval, duplicate keys, and non-exact searching.
avltracking	A web system to track vehicles, using AVL. Writen in PHP/Postgres
avltree-cxx-smm	AVL Tree implementation in C++ template suited for static memory management.
avm	Application Version Manager is designed to enable multiple versions of the same application (i.e. Mozilla) to be accessible to a user or developer.  The user/developer would simply choose the version required and use avm to load the version required
avmeet	AVMeet 1.0 is an attempt to create a tool which brings the simplicity of NetMeeting for Windows to Linux users.We aim to create a secure and fast network communication tool
avnmp	Active Networking provides a framework in which executable code within data packets can execute upon intermediate network nodes.  The goal of this research is to develop active networks that are capable of predicting their own behavior and to use this ca
avocado	Avocado is a Java and PHP port of the trust metrics algorithm behind advogato.org, with a new data model, developer tools, and utilities.
avocado-cad	avoCADo is an Open Source (GPL) 3D CAD design and modeling program which aims to be an indispensable collaborative tool with an intuitive user interface for both engineers and artists alike.
avocadofw	A Bare MVC (loose) based framework, developed under PHP5. very cute.
avogadro	Avogadro is an advanced molecular editor designed for cross-platform use in computational chemistry, molecular modeling, bioinformatics, materials science, and related areas. It offers a flexible rendering and a powerful plugin architecture.
avoidtheroid	Avoid The Roid is an asteroids like multiplayer game based on Maelstrom for Linux.  The game is written in c++ and uses unix sockets for networking, pthreads for threading, OpenGL for graphics, glut for windows and input, and OpenAL for audio.
avos	avOS Aims to be a replacement for the archos AV300 O/S firmware. This will either be achieved by porting linux to the Archos, writing a custom O/S from scratch, or writing a custom JVM from scratch. The Archos AV300 uses a TMS320DSC25 ARM7 based DSP.
avotcore	AvotCore is an OpenSource PHP/MySQL/XML system which gives you a good base for your website. It&#039;s modulair build and easy extendable with seperate Modules.
avp-milter	milter interface for Kaspersky antivirus daemon
avpguide	Web site, providing readers with information on available free tools to work with audio/video and image data, such as VirtualDub, GhostScript, Gimp and so on. Also howtos and links on general aquisition, imaging, recording and editing audio/video and pho
avplan	Java-based general aviation flight planning software
avpython	AVPython embeds the Python programming language within ArcView GIS 3.x. This project will also encompass efforts to build a similar bridge between Python and ArcObjects. An integrated, redistributable Python / PyWin32 setup wizard is also published here.
avr-cpp-lib	Object-oriented semantical AVR programming library.
avr-eclipse	AVR-Eclipse is a pair of plugins for the Eclipse IDE which adds toolchain support, through CDT, for the gcc compiler for the Atmel AVR series of microcontrollers, and adds a toolbar button to allow quick download of produced code to a target device.
avr-gdb-sim	avr-gdb-sim is a simulator for Atmel AVR processors that directly interfaces with avr-gdb. It allows developers to debug software for the AVR architecture without any target hardware.
avr-isp	AVR ISP - Programmer for Atmel AVR microcontrollers
avr-os	Atmel AVR Operating System initially designed for the Atmega128.\nSupports multiple concurrent processes and simple message passing. Basic system call implementation available.
avr-rtos	A Real-Time Operating System kernel for the Atmel AVR microcontroller, incorporating tasks, memory management, semaphores, queues, and other features.
avr10-firmware	a firmware for AVR910 programmer. started from ver3.8 (can get from http://www.mikrocontroller-projekte.de/Mikrocontroller/AVR-Prog/AVR-Programmer.html) upgraded for speed and reliability. provided generic masterSPI interface please mail me on AlexRainPE
avr32fasm	Avr32fasm is prefix Forth-assembler for AVR32 processors core. Main purpose of project - create base for develop Forth system for AVR32. Avr32fasm provides as assembler for creating low level Forth words.
avr32freertos	AVR32-FreeRTOS project is dedicated to the port of the FreeRTOS real-time kernel to the new Atmel AVR32 32-bit AT32AP7000x processor familly
avra	Atmel AVR Assembler for all platforms. Compatible with Atmel&#039;s own assembler. Extra macro features, auto type conversion for macros, conditional assembly, creates .coff files for debugging, special 100% identical output compared to orig. Atmel Assem
avrburn	AVR microcontroller burning utility
avrcalc	Simple program to aid in developing Atmel AVRs.
avrcam	AVRCam is a AVR based webcam dock, designed using HRI and ANSI-C to move the camera and handle the information from it .
avrcedit	this is a wxWidgets gui for editing/creating initializaction data of AVR microcontrollers in C source files (like port settings, timers, interupts)
avrcomputer	It&#039;s a software/hardware project to turn the Atmel AVR8 controllers into something simmilar to a home-computer. Currently connecting a TV-Monitor and a \nkeyboard is supported. It is also meant to serve as a future cheap computer alternative.
avrcox	AvrCox is an easy startup code generator for AVR microcontroller.
avrdude-gui	avrdude-gui is a simple GUI for avrdude (http://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/avrdude) which is a command line tool running on several OS to program the Atmel AVR Microcontrollers.
avrfix	A library for fixed point calculation in s15.16, s7.24 and s7.8 format, entirely written in ANSI C for embedded software (with main focus on the Atmel AVR platforms).
avrforthlike	FORTH-like language compiler for AVR ATMega
avrgps	AVR (Atmel 8 bit risc microprocessor) based GPS logger (black box) with optional display and map support. Project include hardware platform and software.
avrhmon	monitor software for InSystemDebugging of programs running in an AVR target, using gdb/ddd, under linux, with a simple, low cost interface, which can be used for InSystem or standalone Programming as well.
avrlab	avrLab is an IDE (integrated development environment) for AVR microcontroller from ATMEL. It includes an editor with syntax highlighting. avrLab includes support for macro assembler (tavrasm and avra) as well as support for accessing the AVR via uisp.
avrmegatools	AVRMegaTools aims to provide generalized libraries for handling built in AVR hardware functions such as UART , TWI, SPI. It aims to provide high quality drivers which provide the user with a transparent or a semi-transparent view of the unerlying hardwar
avrml	A macro library for the AVR microcontroller (www.atmel.com).
avrmvc	Atmel AVR Model-View-Controller platform
avros	A pre-emptive operating system for Atmel AVR 8-bit microcontrollers featuring queues, semaphores, a flash fileystem and high level peripheral device drivers.
avrprog	Programmer for Atmel AVR microcontrolers that uses PC parallel port to program the device in serial mode. The device can be programmed &quot;in-system&quot;. Comes with a schematic of the hardware required. Hardware designed to be simple, efficient and u
avrsim	Simulate the Atmel AVR series of microcontrollers and associated peripherals
avrsimu	AVRsimu is a simulator for Atmel AVR microcontrollers. It has a command line interface, graphical interfaces may follow. AVRsimu aims to be small and portable.
avrspi7042	The Project represents the graphic interface of programmer for Atmel microcontrollers. Owing to flexible technology of plug-ins, the interface can be easily adapted for microcontrollers of new types. The project is written in Visual C ++ and the assemble
avrucos	Port uCOS II to avr chip ATmega128.
avrx	AvrX - A compact, fast, preemptive, priority based, real time, interrupt driven schedular.  AvrX is targeted for the Atmel AVR microprocessor chips.  AvrX can run five+ tasks on the base AVR chips with 8kb of FLASH and 512 bytes SRAM.  The AvrX library l
avs	Advanced Visualization Studio. A programmable and customizable visualization plugin for winamp.
avsbatches	BatchFiles um schnell AVISynth&#039;s AVS-Skriptdateien zu erzeugen, mit vorgefertigten Settings. Batch files for fast AviSynth-Scriptfile create. With Presets: DivX to VCD, DVB DVD PAL Video to DivX and many more. Batches runs under Win NT/2000/XP only!
avscroll	Avscroll makes the X (x.org, XFree86) viewport scroll automatically as the cursor is being moved around on the screen.
avslib	AVSLib is an extension library to the Avisynth (http://www.avisynth.org) non-linear video editor. It offers a rich set of features: container datatypes (arrays), operators, editing, animation and debugging tools, math and string functions and many more.
avsp2p	FreeP2P is a Free P2P Client for Alternative Operating Systems, it is really free because it is ZLIB licenced, not GPL like most other open source P2P clients. We will start to write it for SkyOS, but we will port it to Syllable and BeOS later, and possi
avt-skin	Based on wxWidgets, this library is intended to be a cross platform toolkit for creating skinnable user interfaces. Among other features: gdi managers to eficiently manage resources, xml skin file definition, lua scripting, etc
avtc	Apache VirtualHost Transfer Counter is a set of files which allow you to quick and easy monitor utilization of http bandwitch on your server. It can give you also few statistics about VirtualHosts.
avux	Avux is an HTPC environment. It is built around an architecture where different components (players, multimedia DB, EPG, GUI...) can be used in a plug-in system in order to create fully customisable HTPC set-ups.
avvscocca	Ideal attorney/CPAs. Basics features are: listing dates for case project client group office; tracking dates appointments meetings; scheduling events; scheduling people, conference rooms; managing groups clients. Mail-client, skype,aol,yahoo,icq, etc...
avvxp	Linux driver for video capture cards based on Auravision VXP520/4 video processors
avx	The concept behind the &#039;Applications via XML&#039; (AVX) architecture is to allow applications to become more flexible in the way they go about performing their duties. The essential idea is to avoid &#039;hard-coding&#039; instructions into an appl
avxx	Command line database-driven jukebox
aw-webstudio-x	AmbraWorks WebSite Studio X is an application for easy web development. It contains modules for designing web forms, databases, css style sheets and so on. Modules have great conectivity between themselves. Main supported technologies are PHP, XHTML, MyS
aw2sql	Aw2sql is a Perl CLI script which analyze the results of the Awstats and store them into a MySQL database. After this you can query this results from your own site and create a personalized design to the statistics.
awah	PHP 5 class to handle Allegro WebAPI calls
awake-cms	aWake CMS is a new CMS designed for PHP5, with standards such as XHTML in mind. It aims to be based on &#039;nice&#039; code.
awal	Awal is an object-oriented programming language designed specifically for teaching programming and OOP concepts to students. Awal makes switching to commercial languages very easy because it helps learn programming the object-oriented way.
aware	Aware is a high performance distributed event processing framework built for systems management/monitoring. See http://www.elegant-software.com for more info.
awaremps	Aware.MPS is a maintenance productivity suite designed to measure productivity, set productivity goals, and track progress toward those goals. It is best combined with a CMMS system to monitor productivity and suggest areas for productivity improvement.
awarenut	The nutrition group is trying to develop a ubiquitous computing device that uses information scanned in from supermarket receipts and personal information to inform people about the nutritional consequences of their purchases while trying to improve thei
awat	Improve the quality of your webapplication using automated testing techniques! AWAT is an easy-to-use XML-based testing framework which allows the creation of functional black-box- and regressiontests.
awcb	The Another Web Chat Bot (AWCB) is a kernel for easy web-based chat bot development. The current object-based version is designed to make the development of user&#039;s wcb modules simpler.
awdbedit	Awdbedit is a BIOS editor for Award BIOSes.  It supports unpacking, replacing, and repacking of components within a BIOS image, and allows settings to be changed and tweaks to be applied to the actual BIOS itself.
awebctcclient	A Delphi-binary solultion to WebCT(c)s Java chat. www.webct.com, with a Visual Basic version too!
aweblibs	aWebLibs is a development framework and a set of libraries for web applications, web forms and content management. It&#039;s intended to be used for fast development of Google-like multi-platform web apps.
awebusenet	Aweb&#039;s Usenet is a easy-to-use Usenet News server written in VB. The software is given with a documentation on NNTP, a VB NNTP client (not mine) and a demo database.
awegui	AWE is a GUI library for the Allegro multimedia library
awemud	AweMUD is a text-based MUD.  Ease of playing, including simple commands with a sane syntax, is a high priority.  A powerful scripting language is provided for customization and extension.
awerpg	An MMORPG package that aims to provide an incredibly customizeable server, and thus a highly customizeable experience, as well as an engaging 3D interface on the client side.
awes	AWES (Apache Web Entry Server) is a module for Apache and provides Authentication (Certificate &amp; Legacy), Access Control, Single Sign On (SSO), Service Level Access Control (SLAC) and Secure Session Handling (Cookie Store).
awesom-o	Awesom-o is a Lego NXT Robot which plays soccer against another one of his kind. to highly expand range it uses WLAN instead of Bluetooth.
awesome	The Awesome Christians User Page is set of PHP scripts that allow you to access IRC services such as nickserv, memoserv, chanserv, and statserv through a Web interface. It is used by the Awesome Christians IRC network.
awesome-work	This is PHP application framework of an extremely simple Plain Old PHP File base. It is possible to use it for not only a browser but also the command line application.
awesomemail	Ever want to offer your end-users something more than an ordinary webmail section? Well, Awesome-Mail offers your users the latest web-based technology to offer users AJAX (Get new data without needing a refresh), drag-and-drop, address book, and more.
awesomes	AwesomeScripts is a site dedicated to open source (and free) software! You can find and submit many scripts to fit your needs. If you don&#039;t see the script your looking for, try posting on the http://www.awesomescripts.com/ forum.
awesum	Awesum is an automated graphical checksum verification utility written in Python using the PyGTK toolkit.  It currently supports both MD5 and SHA checksums.
awesum2	Awesum2 is a graphical checksum verification utility written in Java.
awf	It is the ambition of this project to create and support a process for civil society organisations to maintain effective websites that is as simple as possible, but no simpler.
awg-scheme-libs	Miscellaneous modules for guile, such as a reader for regex literals, &quot;join&quot; like perl, and others I&#039;ve found useful. I would like to adapt these to other implementations of scheme, and/or integrate with existing projects/libraries. Help i
awicontrol	Awicontrol - Control of devices and plants using C++
awifuzz	Device independend Fuzzy logic expert system. Reads FCL (fuzzy control language).
awiki	aWiki is a free Wiki software package licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL). aWiki is a text based wiki system for single users, small groups or small projects.
awing	A fast paced multiplayer action game. Players control their ships in cave-like 2D arenas and shoot each other.
awka	Awka is both a translator of AWK programs to ANSI C, and a separate library against which the C code is linked.
awkiawki	Tiny and fast WikiWiki-Clone written in (n|g|m)awk.
awkmeter	awkmeter and its relatives
awl	Similar in usage to awk, awl is suited to solving problems using C++ programs often as small as few characters long. The command-line interface can also provide functionality similar to the traditional tools grep and sed.
awl-wizard	AWL, &quot;Another Wizard Library&quot;, is a java swing-based library that provides extended functionnalities to easily create rich wizards.
awlp	AWLP Turns PCs with appropriate wireless LAN cards (Prism2/2.5/3) into full-featured, web-managed wireless access gateways. AWLP is written in Perl and based on Slackware 10.1 GNU/Linux.
awnuts	Awsome NUTS (AWNUTS) is a talker base directed to the visual challenged. Having in mind that the best chat environment for the visual challenged are talkers visited using GMud with the help of Jaws, AWNUTS creates a no-frill environment talker base.
awoi	This is a non-causal non-linear encryption system that cannot be cracked by the von-neuman architectures available today
awol	AWOL is a php/mysql app that works as an in-out board, similar to something you&#039;d see on the wall of a lobby, or desk of a switchboard operator, to keep track of who&#039;s in the building, when they&#039;ll be back, etc.
aworkbench	Athlete&#039;s Workbench is a extensible eclipse based framework for the hacker athlete. The intention is have have a single place to capture, analyze, and generally goof around with training data collected while swimming, biking, and running.
awos	AWOS: The Universal Operating System.
awpipl	AwpIpl. Image processing-analyzing portable C library. Includes: image manipultaions (image type conversion,resizing,rotating,etc...), filters (contours tracing,neuronet,median,FFT...), image color/object bazed analyze/manipulations, etc ...
awrate	A message board written in php using mysql. It features multiple forums, user registration, anonymous posting, user profiles, links and polls
awrite	aWrite is a PHP written RSS aggregation system created for combining, searching and recommending articles posted on sites such as del.icio.us and citeulike for academics.
aws	Accessible Web Statistics (AWS) it&#039;s a plugin based, website statistics and web analytics free software distributed under the GNU GPL license.
aws-bpm-sys	aws a bpm server,support workflow,Eclipse plugin,you can quick development a bpm application by aws-bpm-server.
aws2bufr	A WMO´s BUFR encoder for Automate Weather Station (AWS) data.
awsintegration	Amazon Web Services (AWS 4.0) EIS integration library for J2EE applications, includes basic Axis generated WSDL client code and DAO / DTO abstractions. Initially to cover the AWS SOAP protocol and later REST. May also include a related TagLib.
awsjava	This is a Java library for JSP or J2EE engine to access Amazon Web Services through SOAP or REST.
awsome	AWSOME stands for Advanced War Strategies Online Multiplayer Edition and is a open source clone of the Advance Wars series available for handhelds. It features the original game modes, a built-in map editor and a multiplayer mode via Internet
awstats	AWStats is a free powerful and featureful server logfile analyzer that shows you all your Web/Mail/FTP statistics including visits, unique visitors, pages, hits, rush hours, os, browsers, search engines, keywords, robots visits, broken links and more...
awstats4iis	Allows automatisation of awstats for IIS servers. Install ActivePerl, awstats and schedule awstats4iis to generate awstats for all sites on the server.
awtaglib	AWTaglib is a JSP Taglib that helps create Active Widgets grid very easily, and providing extra features. This features include exporting to XLS,PDF and CSV (using JasperReports), editing, and integration with Struts
awtk	A collection of tools to aid in the managment of large web sites.  An html syntax checker, an html source file formater, a tool for searching and replacing text in multiple files,  an http log analizer with 404 warnings, and many more.
awtupload	java multiple file upload applet. Features a progress bar, file explorer and multiple asset views. A must have plugin for any Content Management System CMS. Mac OS 9 classic compatible. Built w/ JDK 1.1.8. Similar to jupload , jzoom , juploadr
awtx	AWTX is a AWT/Swing extension of XMLX project. It can genrate and optimize AWT/Swing applications with XML specified by XMLX specification. It also has a UI designer to help user design UI easily. For UI event, it uses script engine specified by JSR-223.
awusb-linux	ActiveWire USB Linux Software - firmware downloader and example application
awusbxtra	A Director Xtra which provides a Lingo API to access the ActiveWire USB I/O card.
aww	aww is a frontend to wml, the  (w)ebsite (m)eta (l)anguage. The aww frontend can do a lot more than the standard wmk that comes with wml, and you can easily write modules for aww yourself.
awzmb	awzMB is a very configurable mixture of a guestbook, weblog and contact form based on PHP and MySQL, which is able to manage multiple user accounts.
ax-app-gallery	Generate image galleries quickly and easily, with no need to regenerate the entire gallery every time you change the look and feel.  No need for a database!  Just add AxKit, and some images in a directory hierarchy.
ax-datacon	XML Based MySQL Interface with Ajax Frontend.
ax-sourcequery	This is a php script that collects information from Valve Source Servers, e.g. Counter-Strike: Source.
ax10412ldd	AX10412 Voltage Measurement Module Linux device driver.
ax25	A library and utilities that allow you to use the ax25/rose/netrom features of the Linux kernel.
ax25-webinit	AX.25 WebInit - Packet Radio made easy, a project to make a WEB based configuration system for Amateur packet radio.
ax25config	ax25-config is a utility simplifying the configuration of linux&#039; ax25 subsystem.
ax25mail	A set of utilities for packet radio mail exchange with the BBS.
ax2e	Java implementation of OASIS XACML 2.0 standard AX2E is the authorization framework, which implements the current OASIS XACML 2.0 standard in Java language. See http://www.oasis-open.org/committees/tc_home.php?wg_abbrev=xacml. We believe that OASIS XACML
ax88178	Linux Kernel Driver for AirLink101 series of USB to Ethernet adapters
axcis2	An open source library system written in java.
axcrypt	AxCrypt - Personal Privacy and Security with AES-128 File Encryption and Compression for Windows 98/ME/NT/2K/XP. Double-click to automatically decrypt and open documents. Store strong keys on removable USB-devices.
axdcms	AxDCMS is an easily customizable CMS. Written in PHP, AxDCMS is built in layers and sections for maximum security and easy patch creation.  It is designed to be modded for any purpose without having to touch the core or write a line of database code.
axdistcc	axdistcc is a small liveCD with the distcc, it maks possible an easy creation of a compilation farm. It uses as base system the Slackware Linux 11.0 and a modified linux-live scripts.
axe	AXE is a modular 3D game engine using Windows and DirectX 9.0+
axeback	Axeback is a backup utility designed for Unix or Linux System Administrators who want a simple, yet powerful, command line backup solution for their system.  Based around the &quot;tar&quot; command, Axeback will allow users to perform a number of backup
axel	A framework for creating service-oriented representations of common websites, using them to create composite services, and providing AJAX methods to &quot;mash-up&quot; these services.
axelref	The engine behind complete cross-referenced websites, to service as a community tool, for actual communities. It is very much person driven, it considers this the most essential entity of a community. A community tool, for communities, by communities.
axemill	Anthony&#039;s XML library for C++ (Axemill) is a 100% conformant, validating XML parser, written in C++.
axezium	Webhosting Website, invoice, bill, quotation, administration panel, client databases,
axforums	AxForums is a project that provide FREE PHP/MySQL powered software to help WebMasters all over the world. Such as Bulletin Boards with rare features and a powerful administration center etc ..
axfs	The Advanced XIP File System is a Linux kernel filesystem driver that enables files to be executed directly from flash or ROM memory rather than being copied into RAM.
axfuzz	An ActiveX/COM enumerator and fuzzer
axgen	AXgen is a code generator using XMI as input and Velocity templates for transformation. Ready to use templates are given to generate Java classes for OJB, including Repository and SQL script to build the corresponding DB scheme.
axi0n	Design and development of a 1024 byte secure networking protocol for 802.11x. Our main focus is to design and code a Neighbor Area Network (NAN) based off Embedded Linux and Embedded Windows; thereby allowing end users to design there own secure wireless
axial	A PHP framework.
axim-ward	War driving utility for Pocket PC 2003 mostly geared towards the Axim line, but anything possible in the future
axiome	Axiome Klient Gadu-gadu dla system?w Windows(testowany na W98) napisany w Delphi. Narazie jako? dzia?a :) tylko ?e brakuje mi czasu na dodawanie nowych funkcji:(((
axiomengine	Open-source, cross-platform 3D rendering engine for .NET. The Axiom Engine is a high-performance C# port of the powerful OGRE engine. Its flexible component-oriented architecture allows easy extension and provides full support for both DirectX and OpenGL
axiomes	AXIOMES provides end-users an easyier way to create and manage web sites online, through a friendly windowed drag&amp;drop interface and many wizards. All generated contents are conform to XHTML &#039;strict&#039; and cross-browser compatible.
axiometrix	Axiometrix is a kind of universal web tool platform - an open extensible web site based on opensource projects. Find out what Axiometrix is all about - read free technical articles, play games and pick up the latest downloads: graphics, mp3 and templates
axiomhtml	AxiomHTML a multi-functional Text and HTML processor, some features: batch operations, programmable, supports plug-ins
axiomknights	This project contains code for plugins and webpages used by the Axiom Knights WoW guild to handle its DKP system as well as other small addons developed by members of that guild.
axiompng	The Axiom Photo/News Gallery is now just a typical photo gallery.  it is writen in PHP and requires gd-lib.  it does not require a database.  at this time it supports themes and templates, multiple albums, news posting, photo rating, user comments and a
axioms	Axiom is a foundation for Business Applications. Axiom provides a platform with many of the features that any Business Application requires, such as: user management, multi-companys, multi-currencies and multi-languages
axion	The Axion database is a small, fast JDBC compliant database engine.
axipi	axipi is another php cms, but the most simple, useful, complete with homogen interface content, blog, gallery...
axirc	An IRC Server and Client pair, written in Java for compatability. Both parts will follow the irc rfc as closely as possible.
axis	Kut. Video editing for KDE using Gstreamer.
axis-im	Now this project has migrated to axis.sourceforge.net.
axis-wsse	External library for the Apache project Axis implementing UsernameToken spec from the working draft Web Services Security Username Token Profile ver1.1(Sunday, 26 Janurary 2003)
axis2listupdate	This project aims to create an Ant task to update the services.list and the modules.list in the Axis2 repository.
axis4	Highly research oriented operating system attempting to explore the limits of asynchronous communications. Some of the basic ideas of the system are based on Erlang and Python. The core of the system is written in assembly for x86.
axisandallies	This is a webbased implementation of the boardgame game Axis and Allies
axisasap	Java libraries to extend Apache Axis for supporting Asynchronous Service Access Protocol (ASAP)
axisgroupware	Axis Groupware is a groupware suite for workgroups and enterprise, built on phpGroupWare. Axis Groupware is not a fork of phpGroupWare, but rather a custom distribution of phpGroupware focusing on high quality, production deployment.
axisstat	A Gaming statistics system.
axkit-docs	The AxKit Documentation Project aims to maintain the documentation for the AxKit Application Server (http://axkit.org).
axkit-mvc	AxKit::MVC is a mod_perl Model-View-Controller framework, consisting of an XML-config driven controller, a baseclass for Application Components in Object Oriented Perl and View rendering centered around XSLT.
axl-alpha-tank	This is a birds eye view tank game made with macromedia flash.
axle	AXLE is an experimental CMF engine which extends Typo3 conceptions. Written from scrarch in object-oriented PHP5. It uses XML files for data storage, easy installs and don&#039;t requires any additional software.
axlotl	Project Axlotl is a multiplayer, turn-based strategy Java game inspired by SissyFight 2000. Assume the guise of a catty schoolgirl and duke it out on the playground against others.
axm	Activity XML (AXM) is dedicated to improving communications between hardware and software companies dedicated to tracking recreation and fitness activities.
axmanager	axmanager is a Simple Access Control System Information. This use records capturer devices like magnetic tripe reades, contactless readers and so on.
axolotls	A HTTP SSL library/server using the TLSv1 protocol for embedded platforms. AES128/AES256/RC4 ciphers are supported, and RSA is used for public encryption. Full session caching is also supported, and a patch for busybox is provided.
axon	A tool which could help you giving a logical structure to your notes . Your notes as a atomic pieces of information linked with other ones. This atomic knowledge shared worldwide.
axosl	A new advanced customizable graphic menu multi boot and OS loader based on XOSL project with gujin project features, this project integrate too a mini OS to provide certain customizable specialized maintenance tasks before boot partition/load OS target.
axp	AXP - Active XML Page, just likes SPRING to EJB, which is a lightweight, faster, simpler, and much much easier than Web Service. And the client is based on Ajax.
axpcom	AXPCOM - Ada 95 Binding to XPCOM
axpipe	AxPipe - A binary stream abstraction C++ class framework for efficient implementation of both push and pull-model filters and all kinds of sources and sinks. Implementation-transparent optional multi-threading. Efficient reference-counted buffer handling
axplug	Port of Q3Plug to an ActiveX Control
axsel	AXSeL stands for e(X)tensible (A)rchitecture for (L)anguages&#039; (Se)mantics. It is a Cocoon/XSLT based framework that provides tools to operate semantical analysis over the XML form of an information given its grammar, so as to display it in a relevan
axsl	aXSL (API for XSL-FO processing) primarily seeks to create platform-independent standards for XSL-FO implementations, to simplify interoperability and consistency. Its secondary goal is working java code that can be implemented or extended.
axswing	AXSwing is a collection of 100% Java swing components that go above and beyond standard operation.  They include circular rotating knobs, toggle knobs, etc...
axtls	axTLS is a TLSv1 SSL library designed specifically for embedded devices, with a highly configurable interface for small memory footprints.
axtools	Database management tools for developers
axualize	Axualize is a language for building application from objects using an XML dialect. Axualize is schema driven and infinitely extendable. Axualize is currently implemented in Java but the Axualize schema does not dictate a specific platform.
axui	XUI (short for XML interpreted GUI) is a frontend to Allegro&#039;s GUI in combination with Agup.  The result is Graphical User Interfaces for your program that are easy to create and maintain.
axupload	ActiveX control based easy file uploader which uses the standard HTTP form file upload protocol. Apache web server is preferred.
axv	Multithreaded image viewer for X11.
axyl	A PHP library/framework for the development of websites. The main features are: database independence, template-driven content, theme-able content generation, integrated WML generation, user content management, Lucene server integration.
ayam	Ayam is a free 3D modelling environment for the RenderMan interface.
aybabtu	A Loadable Kernel Module  - examples on how to code a Loadable Kernel Module.
ayla	Ayla is an Content Management System, using new usability possabilities, newest technology like Web Services, XML/XSL(T)/XHTML, AJAX etc.
ayna	Ayna is a Query browser for any ODBC source.
aynhtml	A wysiwyg HTML editor for use with IE 6 and above. Written in JavaScript and implemented as hypertext components ( custom behaviours ). Support for tables, images, stylesheets, and much more.
ayra	A report designer and generator application written in Delphi, with a WYSIWYG report designer, a VCL component for reports generation, valid for Delphi 5 to 2006, and a little CommandLine application for call. It only run in Windows and spanish.
ayrconf	A complete system administration tool aimed at non technical company Managers etc. This is NOT a WEBMIN competitor and never will be it is simply a simple to use and set up email, web, intranet, file sharing config tool.
ayttm	Ayttm is an instant messenger program, supporting various protocols such as MSN, Yahoo, AIM, Jabber, and more. It is the heir of the Everybuddy project, and aims to continue improving the program and addressing its shortcomings.
ayumi	ayumi is a web-based software administration interface providing installation, upgrade, and other management features, based on RHN.  ayumi is capable of managing hosts running apt, yum, or up2date (Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora, RHEL).
ayunspace	A turn based space conquest game like no other.  The goal being to provide a universe in which only imagination dictates strategy.  Blurring together artificial lines of race, technology, planet, ship.  True Galactic Conquest is at Hand.
ayuta	The ultimate aim of this project is to add Syriac Language Support to every aspect of a GNU/Linux system. We plan to introduce support for Netscape/Mozilla, KDE/GNOME Desktop Environments, and various i18n (international-enabled) applications.
azalpha	Since Azeri Turkish is written in different alphabets throughout the world, This project aims to convert texts between some mainly used alphabets. specifcally, conversion between arbaic and latin alphabets is intended.
azautopilot	Autopilot is a plugin module for the Java BitTorrent client Azureus (http://azureus.sourceforge.net). This plugin helps manage downloads by stopping active torrents automatically based on a configurable collection of user-defined defaults and overrides.
azc-allcounts	Online Payment System (OPS)
azcvsupdater	AZCVSUpdater is a plugin module for the java Bittorrent client, Azureus (http://azureus.sourceforge.net).  This plugin helps manage Azureus beta releases by automating the process of checking for new builds, downloading them, installing them, and more!
azdbcopy	Automatic translation tool from SQLBase to Sql Server and Oracle
azflashstats	A viewer for the stats xml generated by the Azureus BitTorrent Client. A torrent file/link system is also to be implemented further on.
aziendaexpress	Software gestionale per la piccola e media impresa con l&#039;obiettivo di potersi adattare alle diverse realt? commerciali. Completamente scritto in Java ed indipendente dal tipo di database di supporto (HSQLDB di default).
azjabot	Azureus Jabber Bot makes it possible to control Azureus with your jabber client. The bot is visible in you buddy list and you can use miscellaneous commands to perform operations in Azureus.
azkaban	Basic administration for a small or medium company. Specially for the production factory
azogue	Azogue is a Learning Management System(LMS), an e-Learning web-based application that provides tools&amp;services to the educational community.
azoi	AzOIEval - web based evaluation system for holding programming contests
azote	tools for java web development (struts, J2EE...)
azrael	A client for the brand new XMMS2. It is written in C and uses GTK. Features LCD for elapsed time, nice display of song information and a playlist.
azshumod	Azureus Shu Mod adds features to the original Azureus Bittorrent Java Client.
azsmrc	A plugin/remote system for Azureus that provides both a massively detailed remote control as well as multi-user support on one running Azureus instance.
aztec	Aztec is a 3D Modelling and Animation tool that is intended to provide a decent set of tools for use in the Game development process.
aztek	Forum in php/MySQL for website : Very easy to install, to use and to administrate. Extreme possibility of customization, only with forms for non-specialist users. Aztek is also a multi-user Forum Server, with their own administrators.
aztek204	Aztek will conquer the field with skill, strength and intelligence...
aztica	6DX is a COM-based 3D Engine for windows using DirectX. It features outdoor and indoor rendering, collision detection, portal-based visibility system, particle and effects system, sound, and its own internal GUI.
azubuike	An open source ERP/CRM implementation using J2EE and AJAX technologies
azucarcms	Az?car (pronunced a-ZOO-car) is a modular content management system designed to be extremely user friendly.  It uses postgreSQL, php, PEAR and Phrame MVC .  Some of its modules are: users, content, menu, products, events, photo album, contacts, surveys..
azuki	The Azuki framework is a Java application framework including many features (dependency, AOP, Event-based processing....) and provides a visual tool that describes your software architecture.
azul-cms	Azul-CMS is a content management system built on PHP/mySQL that allows for easily creating a database driven website. This project uses TinyMCE for it&#039;s text editing toolbar. Note: This project requires PHP4 and mySQL4 or above.
azulremoto	A bemused fork for X remote control aplications or bash control, using bluetooth o tcp and a client symbian at mobile system.
azultesting	An online test management system for teachers. Comprehensive test creation, editing, deleting, and editing of classes. Students have individual accounts, then sign up for a class. Multiple Choice, Matching, and Essay questions are allowed.
azumaportal	AzumaPortal is a mix between a web portal, collaboration software and a personal workspace for the web used to create web pages, that are more than just static pages, but a complete community driven network.
azura-racer	A fun realistic 3d platform independant racing game powered by Irrlicht and using Newton physics. Features will include audio, 3d graphics, ai, network and multiple player capability.
azure	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
azure-lang	Azure is a powerful, featherweight, and cross-platform programming language for both embedding and stand-alone purposes. It has many features like dynamic typing, garbage collection, non-preemptive multithreading, and much more...
azureus	Azureus is a powerful, full-featured, cross-platform bittorrent client.
azureus-php	A Web interface for Azureus bittorrent client, written in PHP.
azureusstats	Formats and displays the contents of Azureus&#039; statistics file to a web page for easy remote status updates of your current torrents.
azurvedalib	Object Oriented Context Manager, serializer, editor API, targeted to extend short sized libraries able to play media objects as they are edited. Provides a virtual Machine, undo,merge,... API independant. Provides many extended libs. Demoscene oriented.
azurvedalibsvn	Object Oriented Context Manager, serializer, editor API, targeted to extend short sized libraries able to play media objects as they are edited. Provides a virtual Machine, undo, merge, context tools. API independant. Provides many extended libs.
azuxconf	Software para a configuração do AZUX, uma distribuição Linux.
azvoice	AzVoice is an Augmentative Communications System designed for use on common off the shelf hardware. It is intended to replace more expensive systems such as DynaVox(R) and the like. The AzVoice talker gives speech to the speech impaired.
azweb	Web frontend for Azureus.
azwebctrlpanel	Azureus Web Controlpanel is a web interface (plugin) for the Azureus BitTorrent client.
azzurrairc	A powerful set of IRC Services written in the C programming language, with a centralized multithreaded Proxy scanner (with support for single server scan bots) and statistical services, designed to run as a daemon on BSD systems.
b-4	Block Forth is yet another Forth system completely written in C.
b-encoder	This is a simple program to encode normal, ASCII text in to its ASCII value and then convert that number to roman numerals.  Ideal for quick notes to friends that you don&#039;t want others to easily read.  Unlike encryption though, I just described the 
b-evolution	Evolution: Web Based Banner Exchange Program
b-flat	B-Flat us a front-end to the music player daemon.  Using Ajax, B-Flat allows users to perform many of the necessary tasks to enjoy their music.  It does not intend to take the place of a jukebox progam, instead plans on being a lightweight control system
b-forms	A simple to learn object-oriented PHP library for development of web forms based applications. Supports tabular forms with multiple records of the same type edited simultaneously. Provides security mechanism against data tampering.
b-free	B-Free project aims at creating a BTRON operating system.
b-grabber	B-Grabber is a usenet client with support for binaries, multiple servers, NZB import and searching.
b-i-m	The B.I.M. package consists of a Web message board and an integrated instant messenger. Due to the fact that both systems are tightly integrated it is possible to send messages to the web forum from the instant messenger and vice versa.
b-improved	B++ will become a completely object orientated programming language based on a BASIC-like syntax. B++ applications will be stand-alone executable files (P-Code). B++ will offer an own data base interface and an own (OOP) framework providing API calls.
b-net	PHP &amp; MySQL web project of a personal content managemnt system which includes news articles, photo gallery, polls, guestbook, shoutbox, clickable smilies, english and swahili languges (and felxibility for transaltions into more languages) and theming
b-news	Transfer binary files through e-mail or newsposts with 25% less traffic than Mime or UUEncode.
b-reality	B-Reality is a 3D game or real-time simulation engine. It is centered on physic simulation: every object in a scene is animated in function of its physic properties and forces applied on it.
b-risk	B-Risk is a risk tracking and management system, using Apache, PHP and MySQL.  It features graph and chart reporting, individual logins, and it&#039;s own admin tools for the database.  Suitable for businesses of all sizes. Released under the GPL.
b-shade	Proyecto de Fin de Carrera
b-treeondisk	B-TreeOnDisk is a library that gives Applications Objects persistence, indexing &amp; sorting on Disk. Applications can use this library to efficiently save and read Objects information to/from Disk &amp; benefit from its high speed operations
b-unittesting	Unit Testing library for RIM Blackberry based on jmunit
b-world	B-World is a brand new oper service for bahamut IRC server, written in Perl, and cannot be used with ircu.
b-zone	Webmail portal providing e-mail account, Usenet browser and sms gate. Supports POP3, SMTP, IMAP, NNRP.  Provides address book, nice interface with skin choice. Interesting additional options like My Scheduler, My Briefcase, animated help assistant.
b0-mambo	Mambo Tools and Add-ons
b0xnet	b0xNet is an advanced modular Eggdrop distribution with multi-lingual support. It will run on Unix and Linux operating systems but may be limited to x86 compatible architectures. It includes an automatic upgrade feature to keep your bot up to date.
b182	This software is inteded for education. it is a software that measures anything to do with rectangles. inteded for grade 7 and 8 students.
b1gbb	An powerful bulletin board written in PHP using an MYSQL Backend
b1gmail	With b1gMail you can give away free E-Mail Addresses (user@your-domain.com). All you must have is PHP, MySQL and a Domain with CatchAll.
b23cms	A higly simplified CMS, oriented to the latin american market and also to the non tech user.
b2b	B2B is a content management that helps a softball/baseball team to manage the record of  the whole team, the statistic of players, and a little blog of the team. We use php scripts and mysql to implement it.
b2b-order-form	Welcome to the B2B Order Form - A simple auto-calculating order form, primarily suited for resellers! This form allows you to enter your customer order data, &amp; submit it via an auto-generated e-mail.
b2b-os	Redirection to http://sourceforge.net/project/b2bos
b2b-osc-contrib	osCommerce contribution. A powerfull open source shop-project gets a new contribution. This contribution for osCommerce will allow storeowners more controll in the adminsection for B2B shops.
b2b-platform	A B2B-platform connected with WebERP system to enable booking through the orders automatically to the ERP system.
b2b-project	This is a working Java Server Pages based Shopping Cart. This project is currently a fully functional JSP eCommerce Application (To be used with Tomcat). I&#039;m currently working on JSPCART to become a B2B eCommerce Software.
b2bflow	Minimal B2B Docflow
b2bos	The &quot;Business to Business Operating System&quot; is a set of Java-based modules for providing auctions, catalogs, directories as an open-source alternative to B2B E-Marketplaces. The &quot;operating system&quot; aspect relates to the resource alloca
b2bsuite	B2BSuite is a complete suite for Oscommerce (e-commerce solution) for Business to Business ( B2B ) or/and fidelity your Business to client ( B2C ). There are several script automation for easy manage price and products of your website.
b2cv5	B2C is a BASIC-to-C language translator/compiler for the Cybiko Handheld Computer for Teens. It takes BASIC source code and emits C source code. The BUILD task simplifies gathering of graphics, sounds, and other resources to create a complete application
b2dlinux	B2D Linux is a Taiwanese Linux distribution and live CD with a complete support for the traditional Chinese character set.
b2evo-captcha	A PHP class and example implementation of an image CAPTCHA. Uses random TrueTrype fonts and ramdom lengths, sizes and character rotation, as well as a full character set to defeat character recognition bots. Primarily used for spam prevention in web apps
b2nasm	Basic 2 Nasm, This project converts BASIC source code into NASM compatable assembly language.
b2xe	A cross platform binary (database) to xml conversion tool written in java language. Uses the well accepted XML structured template files for the conversion definitions. Easy-to-use features supported with java GUI for advanced users as well as beginners.
b3bib	B3 is a XML-based Bibliography Base Manager written in Java. It uses XSLT stlysheets to output bibliographies in several formats, including BibTex and HTML. It is also possible to export data toward a SQL database, and to process OpenDocument files. Vers
b3dviewer	The project will use OpenSceneGraph and a three dimensional (mathematical) graph drawing algorithm implement a visualization of data nodes and their relationships through interconnections.
b3ta	The B3ta message board. A convenient and versatile way to read the B3ta messageboard. Offers flexability in the way threads are monitored and keeps track of friends and interesting conversations. The board is copied off to a P2P network and everyone usin
b42	b42 is a lightweight and heavily configurable to-do list manager intended for single-user scenarios.
b4browser	B4 SCORM package browser
b4jobs	A small tool to help and organise job hunting.
b4ri18n	A better Java localization API.
b4s-pl-parser	We intend to create a b4s Playlist Parser, that parses Winamp3\\&#039;s XML-based b4s format, using client-side JavaScript and XMLDOM.
b4sdl	Basic4SDL is a compiler and virtual machine which encapsulates the SDL graphics library allowing even less experienced coders to create games and applications quickly and easily. Basic4SDL also has OOP features appealing to more advanced programmers.
b4wbem	B4wbem is an implementattion of the WBEM standards. It features a library and a CIMOM.
b5combatsim	A combat simulator for the Mongoose Board Game Babylon 5 : A Call to Arms.
b5fsf	B5:Flight Simulation Freeware is a game based in the Babylon 5 universe.  Our goal it to build a game that provides the player with the experience of flying a starfury through both historical and original missions.
b5lbh	LastBestHope is a game set in the background of the Babylon 5 series. It is designed with an &quot;outside the box&quot; game play that allows small groups of players to interract and compete in short ( &gt;1 hour), on line games.
b5muxdev	This project is a Multi-User Dimension server based off of TinyMUX 1.2 for Babylon5 MUX.
b612	B 612 is a parental controls software. The purpose is to build with this software a safe surfing place for your child.
b7geps	A program for importing your position (from a GPS) into Google Earth in realtime.
b82cms	flash based cms, using xml and php
b9ddns	BIND 9 dynamic DNS webmin module. This module supports both static and dynamic zones, and IPv4 and IPv6 addressing in both forward and reverse zones.
ba-fo-ma	Ba-Fo-Ma is a platform independent battle force manager for any collectable miniature war game. Ba-Fo-Ma will aid in the cataloging of owned miniatures and the creation of organisational lists for use in game battles.
ba-ref	It&#039;s a rule set agnostic, server operating system agnostic, client operating system agnostic gaming engine.  We&#039;re building a reference shard to show others how they can deploy the engine.
baad	Bandwidth Analysis for Architectural Decisions (BAAD) is an analytic model of Out of Order processor performance.  The project downloads include MathCAD worksheets, a cycle-based simulator in Java, and helper scripts.  See home page for papers.
baadengine	Game oriented multi media engine, with a complete self-contained development environment and groupware solution.
baakoodo	Barcode label printing for Windows. Barcodes, text and graphics can be combined in a label and previewed before printing. Remote printing from non-Windows clients over TCP/IP is possible. Written in MFC/C++.
baalucf	Baal is a remote control and disk imaging system for computer forensics.  Baal will use a Linux PXE boot, dd, and parted to replace and retrieve disk images and store them on a server.  Common forensics scans and tests can then be performed on images.
baar	The BAR is a web interface for registering and displaying statistics about played Combat Mission games. Members submit battle data and the program produces HTML pages containing the statistics of all members battles.
bab	A real-time stock market simulation with a dynamic economy
baba	BABA stands for Basic-Algorithms-of-Bioinformatics Applet. This project aims to create a set of bioinformatic algorithms presented in a didactical environment. The algorithms available at the moment are: Needleman&amp;Wunsch, Smith&amp;Waterman and Four 
babalbum	babAlbum is a simple, high performance gallery script. Both installation and use is very easy. Categories are illustrated with dirs, thumbnails will be created automatically. The object oriented structure gives you the possibility to add features easily.
babasdeldiablo	Las babas del diablo, also known as Blow up, is one of Julio Cort?zars favorite short stories.
babb	BaBB is a Board written in PHP designed for small websites using no Database, only text files. Everything is in German. It has the most features of commercial boards with a few new ideas.
babbaexplorer	babbaExplorer is a tool written in PHP which can be used to manage files on your webserver. You can use it to browse trough your webspace, create new files/directory&#039;s and upload, view, edit, rename, delete and chmod files.
babber	Babber is a simple Jabber bot which: 1) has easy-to-learn lightweight XMPP composing/parsing engine that can be easily ported to any platform that supports C++; 2) has useful network library; 3) supports DLL plugins to expand its functionality;
babble	Babble is an attempt to create a platform independant Jabber client library people can use to write a client for any platform they choose.
babbleback	Software implementation of &quot;The babbleback machine&quot; as invented by Win Wenger.  Records sound from a microphone and plays the sound back after a short delay.  A fun and educational toy for young children (even babies).
babblebooster	Babblebooster is a client for serveral HTML-based webchats written in C++/Qt. It provides comfortable functions and an interface for scripting.
babel	Babel is a enterprise grade secure monitoring platfform to check OS security status: user/passwords, kernel options, file perms, patches, network setup, SUID, binary files changes and much more. All in a distributed and modular management architecture.
babel-im	Babel IM is a skinnable instant messenger, with plugins for ICQ, AIM, MSN, Yahoo &amp; RSA crypto. All functionality is provided through the plugin interface, so Babel is highly customizeable.
babel-ircd	babel-ircd is a small irc server aimed for small communities. It is written in perl and support a subset of RFC1459. It extends the RFC by providing automatic encoding translation. It only works in stand-alone on one server.
babel-lib	babel.lib is Babel Com Australia&#039;s PHP Components Library, which we are releasing under an open source license for other PHP developers.
babel-library	Babel is a small Critic Library commnity script currently being developped and working quite well on http://babel.ryogasp.com . it is a very interresting project but many features must be added..; let\\&#039;s talk about it ;)
babel-net	A complete framework and toolset for the .NET Plateform
babelblaster	EDI/EAI file format converter supporting CSV, flat file, X12 EDI to and from XML.  XML to XML conversion uses XSLT.  Two implementations in Java/Xerces and C++/MSXML.  Currently a set of stand-alone utilities.  Next version to support chain of conversion
babelchat	A Java chat server/applet that translates languages.  Two people who speak different languages can enter the chatroom and their messages will be automatically translated into each other&#039;s native tongue.
babelcode	BabelCode Project investigates a new methodology of controlled translation and makes it available for practical use. By-products such as foreign language writing assistants and learning tools are also useful applications based on BabelCode databases.
babeldoc	Babeldoc is integration tool that can plumb together data flows.  It is completely configurable and scriptable.  It is heavily XML biased but not exclusively so.
babele	The aim of this project is to build a program that permit the exchange of data between different applications. To do so the better way is to use XML standard.
babelfiche	Cross-programming-language object serialisation. The library uses a schema to write object networks to, and create object networks from, a file (eg XML). Written in Java with ports to C and C++ to follow. Features include file recovery and versioning.
babelql	BabelQL is C pre-processor file intended to allow you to generate many different SQL dialects from the same source  file.
babelstuff	Babelstuff is a Graphical User Interface for the popular Babelfish from Altavista.
babilonia-net	the deploy of babilonia-net is going to improve the comunication between students and teachers.  also, it will pemit to the students prepare their homeworks in time with their partners.
babiloo	Babiloo is a Java/Web cross-platform program which manages and uses Advanced Dictionary Files. The main features are: - Wiki Dictionaries. (everybody can add and modify the definitions) , - Small Sizes (70.000words = 6MB) thanks to the optimized dictzip
babinstaller	Web based installer for your PHP scripts. Created to improve the usuability of installing PHP scripts. You have not to upload tons of files anymore, but one file that will make a full installation of your PHP script.
babit	Balanced Binary Tree - implementation in C
baboom	BABOOM is yet another business object creator.  Allows user to enter properties about objects and BABOOM will generate the BizObjects, strongly-typed collections for those objects, a complete DAL, Biz Facade, and all SQL SPs and table creation scripts.
babrain	kBrain aka BreakABrain is a template software to which you can attach games of memorization and reasoning. You can even compete with a friend... Come&#039;on... BreakABrain!
babu	BaBu Portal is a complete content management software developed with PHP and supports multiple databases. It&#039;s goal to let webmasters to setup a website with ease. It&#039;s developed by the old developers of DCP-Portal.
baby-album	An album application for organizing huge number of baby photos , which will generate a lot of html files as index helping you seach any one picture according the picturing time.
babyadock	A Mac OS dock for those whose computers can&#039;t run Windows XP
babyaieye	This is a tool,for designing html forms,or for designing work flow,in fact for anything you will express with a tablet and a pencil.It&#039;s written with html,jsp,javascript,java.Everyone is welcomed to support it.This is a beginning
babyaphoto	Babya Photo Workshop Professional XL is the most professional and powerful Babya image editor ever.
babydevelop	An lightweight Integrated Development Environment based on Qt for Gnome and KDE.
babyftpd	FTP Server Daemon, mostly written in C++, heavily threaded.
babygimp	Babygimp is an icon editor for Linux written in Perl/Tk with some unusual features: A clipboard which allows to merge/combine existing images, some sort of plugin support, different sorts of gradients, applying externals filters to selected regions of th
babyguard	This project aims at providing a recording tool for a set of cameras (web cams or net cams) and features like movement detection, intelligent image database browsing features (browsing by events).
babylon	Babylon is a software development tool chain allowing you to visually interact directly with the source tree.
babylonlib	Babylon Library is a collection of simple routines and classes that could be used as building blocks of larger projects. Many of the methods are portable and adjusted for use in embedded systems.
babymailc	Mail client.
babyos-china	BabyOS is a simple in-memory operating system kernel. It is not a full-fledged system, but an interesting one suitable for undergraduate operating systems education. It is the first instructional OS in China.
babysee	babysee is a powerful image utility. It&#039;s not only an image viewer, but also an image convertor and image editor. Its plugin mechnism ensures the program&#039;s extensibility. It also has internationalization support, and can be easily translated in
babysitter	A daemon program that periodically checks server conditions and repairs (and possibly reports) them.
babytalk	BabyTALK is to add another brick in the wall of natural languages learning. The baby needs to structure a corpus of texts when his tutor points and talks about a particular part of the corpus. The baby is also to describe any selected part of the corpus.
babyugly	Baby Ugly is a Mario2D-like playing game
bac	This is a little reflexion game developped in Freeware Turbo Pascal 7.01 Language. It runs under Ms-Dos, and has been tested successfully under Windows 95, Windows 98, Windows 2000 &amp; Windows XP (Pro/Familial).
bacaberita	bacaberita is a web based NNTP client built with the latest web technology. With AJAX support, bacaberita is designed to deliver rich user interface for the user.
bacco	Bacco is a simple bug tracking system
bacdafucup	bacdafucup is a background utility to eliminate cumbersome and infrequent back up of important document files. The user may configure files and directories for automatic back up to any type of drive upon save by any application.
bachar	Project to create a new microkernel for AdaOS. Intended to be especially suited to Ada programming language, but will have pragmatic design which is actually language neutral. Will be practical, general-purpose, and secure, but otherwise minimal.
back-end	Back-End is a multi-lingual CMS based on the phpSlash code base. Articles, links &amp; photo galleries integrated into a common hierarchy. Content administrators can edit their content through a choice of text, html, wiki or a WYSIWYG editor.
backalaika	Backup solution for Windows and Linux in C# with SharpDevelop. Features: SharpZipLib compression (tar, gzip, bz2 and zip), backup profiles, differential and additive backups, database, multiple volumes, partially used media and UNIX file permissions.
backarrow	BackArrow was a project to create a K-Meleon style web browser for GNU/Linux. The project died after the creator started using ELinks and the console in general.
backbone	Backbone is a object oriented, light-weight and programmer friendly PHP 5 framework.
backbubble	Back Bubble is a 2D platform game like Bubble Bobble with a plethora of innovations like theme worlds, objects to collect, gold coins to collect to gain additional lives, end level bonus, the whole in 100 highly colored worlds and style cartoon !
backdoor-mod	It´s a Backdoor Module for Linux OS 2.6.x only. Feel free to try it and modify it. It use a Telnet client on port TCP 19993. the backdoor grants a root shell without authentication.
backdraft	Backdraft propose un ensemble d&#039;outils d?dies ? la gestion de projets pour des groupes de travail. Une interface ergonomique exploitant Ajax, CSS, Flash permet ? l&#039;utilisateur d&#039;organiser son travail en ?quipe. http://backdraft.apinc.org
backendnews	This project aims to create a Perl module named NewsGrabber, that can be used to grab backend news files from different websites and display it in dynamically generated HTML pages on your web servers.
backerupper	Backerupper is a simple program for backing up selected directories over a local network. Its main intended purpose is backing up a user&#039;s personal data.
backgammon	A graphical backgammon program for the KDE. It supports backgammon games with other players, against computer engines (e.g. GNU bg) and online playing on the &#039;First Internet Backgammon Server&#039;.
backgammonbase	BackgammonBase is a basic portable C++ class and a small console application for a Backgammon board game with a simple ascii-display for demonstration and testing.
background	Windows Program : This program randomly selects an image file from locations given by the user, and sets that image file as the background.  This program attempts to figure out the best way to set the image file.
backlight	Scientific software for the physically accurate photorealistic visualisation of relativistic (near light-speed) scenarios.
backman	BackMan is a backup program for Amiga OS and MorphOS which features a MUI interface or, for those who don&#039;t like fancy user interfaces, a command line interface.
backmon	Backup mySQL DBs easily with this simple PHP program.
backo	Starting from an open archive content repository to an e-learning platform, backo provides an integrated web environment for organizations to manage the entire life cycle of knowledge creation, publication and dissemination.
backoffice-irc	This project intend to devellop a back &amp; front office to set up and maintain an huge amount of ircd servers and administrate an irc network easily.
backpedal	Backpedal is a JDBC driver that can be messaged to roll back all SQL statements issued through it.  It is intended to be used in testing scenarios, to allow you return the database to the state it was in before your test case started.
backpi	Background Pi -- A distributed effort to calculate pi, 9 digits at a time.
backporch	Tools to help with maintaining backports of patches.
backport-jsr166	Backport of JSR-166 java.util.concurrent API, first introduced in Java 5.0, to Java 1.4 and other releases. Based in most part on public-domain sources from JSR 166, and the dl.util.concurrent package.
backports-cd	Die Backports-CD ist eine Zusammenstellung von Backports für Debian Sarge. Die Backport-Pakete stammen von www.backports.org und http://deb.stosberg.net
backproxy	This project has been started to publish the work done on a new backend for the DGI (France). This backend has been designed to get strong performance enhancements. It is a fork from the META backend.
backroundcycler	This is a background changer that i have developed because i hate downloading background changers that are infected with spy-ware. it is written in c# with the .net 2.0 framework, it closes to the system tray so you don&#039;t have to leave the window up
backrpmconfs	Backs up all locally modified configuration files installed by the RPM system.  In theory, to reinstall a computer, you only need\nto reinstall all the rpm:s and then restore a backup created by this script.
backsource	backsource is a collection of enterprise-ready application components targeted att EIS applications previously controlled by mogul.com/tim.se.
backspace	A 3D space-based Action/RPG full of strange places and characters, unexpected plot twists and of course lots of explosions
backstab	Backstab is a free database engine construction set for OCaml.
backstep	Backstep is a program for drawing desktop icons for minimized windows.
backtalk	A document annotation, editing, and production system for book-like content.
backup-net	Simple easy to use file backup program that mimics a CVS-style system that tracks changes and keeps recent versions of backed up files.
backup-script	A configurable shell script to backup a single system to an archive file, tape, or other device
backup2l	backup2l is a lightweight tool for generating, maintaining and restoring backups on a mountable file system. The main design goals are low maintenance effort, efficiency, transparency and robustness.
backup2svn	Incremental backup system using subversion and ssh.\nUsing for backuping text and binary files for multiple servers.
backupcentral	Centeral Backup system. Collect files from remote Servers by FTP/rsync/CIFS/NFS/HTTP to a local machine.
backupfs	&quot;backupfs&quot;  is a network extended command level clone of the Plan 9 dump file system. &quot;backupfs&quot; makes a snapshot of the specified directory tree. &quot;backupfs&quot; can also back up remote hosts&#039; directory trees and remote hos
backupfunctions	Just another Text Editor.
backupgrid	This is intended to build an Enterprise Disaster Recovery Solution by using simple technologies and reasonable design. Give small and middle bussnesses a place to protect their data from disaster in an inexpensive way.
backuphp	Web CD-DVD multivolume backup. From a php webpage you can manage your multivolume backup with automatic splitting using CDRtools
backupmon	RSYNC Backup front-end with Web Interface, email reports with attached summary. Simple to use; back up servers with a single line, or your entire server farm from a single machine. Custom email tags sort responses in your MUA. Supports authentication.
backupmysql	this is a open software that provide the phpbb users to backup their sql without handle it.
backuppc	BackupPC is a high-performance, enterprise-grade backup system for backing up Linux, WinXX PCs, Macs and laptops to a server&#039;s disk. Features include clever pooling of identical files, no client-side software, and a powerful Apache/CGI user interfac
backuppod	BackupPod is an utility to backup/copy your songs from your iPod to your harddrive.
backupproggie	A simple Windows copy/backup program with easy to use GUI.  Supports long filenames (above 256 chars).  Overwrite options: Always, Never, User confirm, Modification date.  Logs all copied/skipped files to log files.  Does not die on first copy error!
backupsblow	A simple but powerful backup script for backing up mysql databases and filesystems over ftp.
backupsps	BackupSPS is a command line utility to backup SharePoint Portal Servers and Farms. The utility is based on the SPSBackupSample program provided by Microsoft.
backuptodvd	Création automatique d&#039;une sauvegarde sous SME 7.0 puis sauvegarde sur dvd
backupxp	BackupXP: Harddisk backup and restore utility with hotbackup functionality using volume locking and volume shadow copies (XP,2003,Vista required).
backvnc	backVNC combine the force of VNC with the stealth abilities of BO2K
backzilla	Backzilla.Net makes it easy to backup your current Firefox profile. It will then allow you to restore it, and if it fails, undo the restore. I plan to add support for all Mozilla products in the near future.
backzip	BackZip is a simple file backup program that stores backups in standard ZIP format or as normal (uncompressed) files.
bacman	BACMan is a Microsoft Access based application designed for the management and analysis of hybridization data related to the high throughput screening of large insert genomic libraries associated with physical mapping projects.
bacms	This JSP based content management system is being created using GoF design patterns for a programming project at John Carroll University.
bacnet	BACnet - A Data Communication Protocol for Building Automation and Control Networks - see bacnet.org. This BACnet library provides a BACnet application layer, network layer and MAC layer communications services for an embedded system, Win32, or Linux.
bacnet-sim	BACnetSim is meant to be a portable implementation of the BACnet data communication protocol.  BACnetSim is meant for embedded devices and use MS/PT as the media access layer. BACnetSim is a fork of bacnet-stack-0.0.1
bacon	Bacon is a web based IDS monitoring console for Snort. Initially, the project will center on Snort monitoring, analysis, incident handling and reporting.  Plans are in the works for knowledge base ticketing system and other features.
bacon-games	An extensible framework for running gaming applications over a network
bacoutexpress	This batch file will Backup your Outlook express Mail and Contacts to any directory you choose.
bacpypes	BACnet - A Data Communication Protocol for Building Automation and Control Networks - see bacnet.org.  This BACnet library provides a BACnet application layer and network layer written in Python for daemons, scripting, and graphical interfaces.
bacsharp	C# port of the BACnet stack hosted on SourceForge.net.
bacteria	Bacteria is a clone of the game Dr. Mario(tm) that allows multiple players to compete over a network.
bactra-blender	BacTra Exporter for Blender\nThe Bac/Tra format is common to versions of MascotCapsule, 3D rendering engine released by HI CORPORATION. MascotCapsule is a de facto standard 3D engine for cellular phone handsets.
bacula-ifi	Bacula Intuitive Friendly Interface is a web interface for Bacula.  It is currently limited to viewing information about backup jobs.
baculator	Baculator is a Reverse Polish Notation (RPN) calculator program with an infinite  scrollable stack and support for most common mathematical operations as well as some more esoteric operations. Available for Unix/Gtk+,  Mac OS X, and MS Windows.
bad-mmorpg	asd
badbb	badBB, the smallest BB around, a CSS file and less than 10 images(no including smilies).
badbean	Bad Bean will be a issue tracking and management system written in Java using Apache Struts, OJB and HSQL-DB.
badboy	BadBoy is an open source Gameboy Emulator. It current aims at the Windows platform, but it written for portability, but will soon be available on other platforms.
badcamelgaming	Bad Camel Gaming is a collection of arcade games build on the Oasis Framework, the Bad Camel Gaming game framework.
badchannel	BadChannel.dll is a user-configurable plugin for the mIRC Internet Relay Chat (IRC) client, which will automatically remove (kick and ban) users from a protected channel who are on a user-configurable list of &#039;bad&#039; channels.  The bad channel li
badcms	BAD Ain&#039;t Database-driven Content Management System (BAD CMS) is a simple CMS written in PHP that requires no *SQL database. All data is stored in a single document from which page contents are dynamically generated.
badcrc	BadCRC IRC is a full-featured, user-friendly script for use with mIRC v6.0 and above. Among the usual features, BadCRC also includes Personal Information, Ping Timeout protections and personal/channel protection and secturity scripts.
baddog	BadDog Linux is an effort to fill in the numerous gaps left in the Yellow Dog linux distribution for the Apple ibook.  Choice packages have been compiled that update the system, including gcc, gnome, mozilla, and other common programs.
badgerdaemon	Badger Deamon that simulates activities of a Badger&#039;s real life on a unix system. The deamon creates badgers that live on your system and use some of its resources. Badger is a free interpretation of the popular badgerbadgerbadger flash movie.
badmem	Production of a patch to make (partly) buggy memory modules work in a (vanilla)-Linux kernel; kernel patch and additional (user-space) utilities
badmin	A tournament management software especially for swiss badminton tournaments based on &quot;Schoch&quot; system
badram	BadRAM is a Linux kernel patch which attempts to allow the kernel to handle defective RAM modules by reserving the defective sections of RAM and preventing them from ever being allocated.
badterm	Badterm is an open-source telnet/ssh terminal software written in pure python/wxpython. It provides particular mouse and web enhancement in BBS system.
baduk	baduK is a pattern analysis and search engine for the game of Go/Baduk/Weiqi. An ancient boardgame common in Japan, Korea, China and Taiwan. Features multiple databases, game previews and instant pattern matches. Developed using C++ and Qt 4.1.4
badukpan	The BadukPan[ba&#039;du:k-pa&#039;n] is ActiveX control, it includes functions and rules of the Baduk. It will be able to use easily from web-browser or application-program.
badweather	A collection of sourcecode which is written for a weather station. All in all this code is a bad hack and only for people who want to learn with easy source code....
badwm	BadWM is a minimalistic window manager for the X Window System licensed under the GNU General Public License.
baed	Baed heeft software zoals baed mIRC enz.
bafix	BAFIX is a *nix-like basic operating system for the Gameboy Advance.
bagda	Bagda is web-based software to help users sharing their (real life) Books, DVD and CD. Based uses a trusted user network system (like Orkut), and can be used as a service hosted by the Bagda team, or used inside an organization.
bagegees	A powerfull set of tools to do the right maintenace to your mac
bagel	Bagel is a web browser for the Windows platform based on the Gecko layout engine.\nIt is inspired by Donut(http://www.codeproject.com/wtl/donut.asp).
bagelclient	Emulation of the Ultima Online client. Intended primarily to enable customisations to the open source RunUO server that would require client support, and allow servers to require use of a custom client so as to prevent use of third party cheat tools
bagg	BAGG is a flexible GAME GUI library for the ALLEGRO game library
baggage	Baggage is the stuff that you have to carry around with you whereever you go. Baggage will allow you to do just that. It provides a set of plugins for use inside of Eclipse or in a standalone application that provide personal data storage.
baggielayout	BaggieLayout is a Java swing LayoutManager, as powerful as GridBagLayout, but VERY easy to use. Use simple XML or JavaBean constraints for positioning. Unlike other LayoutManagers, obeys min/max/pref sizes, &amp; components don&#039;t jump/dissapear when
baghira	Baghira is a native (means binary - not pixmap) style for qt/kde
baghira-extras	Customizations for Baghira like the proper apple/menubar menus (OS X like) and a system preferences kcontrol replacement
bagle	This will be a 2D/3D graphics engine written in D.
bagley	E-mail greylisting system implemented as a freestanding executable suitable for use with Exim 4, using MySQL database back-end.
bagofwords	Simple text analysis system based on the &quot;Bag of Words&quot; concept of statistical analysis of text.
bagualisp	Hard disk forensics in the lisp way.
bah	Bah TCP Forwarder is a light-weight C based TCP connection proxy written to work on linux/unix with the goal of forwarding both light and heavy bandwidth transfers.  It gives the proxy ability without all the extra feature mumbo-jumbo.
bahaiadmin	BahaiAdmin is a centralized administration system for national  bah?&amp;#8217;? communities worldwide. The project will try to produce a series of PHP-Nuke modules that will help maintain a record of the believers, the progress of its communities and it
bahamontes	Ride performance analysis from GPS data collected by Garmin Edge 305/205 or similar bicycle computers. You can chart the performance data of your ride such as speed and cadence, track totals from all your rides, view 3D rendering of your ride and more!
bahamut-inet6	*Unofficial* patch for DALnet&#039;s ircd, currently for version 1.4.36. Provides complete IPv6 and IPv4-in-IPv6 support and SSL support.
bahamut-sango	Bahamut-Sango is a historical-simulation game made by the fans. Now it is in processing.
bahasacms	Modul Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian Language) untuk berbagai CMS (Limbo CMS, Drake CMS, Reload CMS)
bahur	A C library for miscellaneous things.
bai	This is an uncompiled library of artificial intelligence, and a text interpreter.
baia	Extraction of text from web-sites, especially news publications. BAIA, short for Basic Analysis of Internet Articles is a programming language. BAIA automates all housekeeping around extraction and saving of text content from web-sites.
baire	A simple backup/restore tool for windows user. The image can save over the network on a fileserver or on a local harddisk which is FAT formatted.
baitnswitch	Bait and Switch combines IDS tech (Snort primarily) and Honeypots into a new, more valuable, reactive system. After receiving an alert, B&amp;S protects your server by silently redirecting hostile traffic to a honeypot while leaving other traffic alone.
baixa	baiXa is a tool that lets you to create a text file containing a list of serialized file names that it can be exported to GetRight. It makes batch download easier.
baixatudo	BaixaTudo is a front-end for giFT, make with Delphi6 for Win32
baj	BAJ is a software analysis tool for java programs with a focus on good Object Oriented design principles
bajjer	To address the need for high-quality open source Java Jabber software.  A client applet which can also work as a desktop application is currently the main focus of this project.
bak2disc	A &quot;human-like&quot; CD/DVD disc-based backup script aimed at being easy to use and powerful. Its most notable feature is the way it groups common files/directories together to preserve structure when data is distributed onto discs.
baka	This application is a Linux media player which uses the gstreamer library.  The UI is configureable so that a user is not required to have a specific gui library; one of gtk, qt, or wxWindows will do!
baka-bean	Easily create/deploy beans based application, using code generation in a Java context.
bakaliko	bakaliko is a j2me application, which helps in the creation and in the maintenance of shopping lists, using the mobile phone.
bakari	phpSM is a tool written in PHP that helps you create web site. You can select structure, modules which you will use. It also includes powerfull administration panel which hep you add and change content of site.
bake	Yet another Make replacement, definition files are Python code
bakederp	Is a Small Business ERP and Accounting software. This project is oriented to give a real solution to developing countries trying stablish a standard ERP and accounting software, all these using Open Source Software.
bakefile	Bakefile is cross-platform, cross-compiler native makefiles generator. It takes compiler-independent description of build tasks as input and generate native makefile (autoconf&#039;s Makefile.in, Visual C++ project, bcc makefile etc.).
bakery	A C++ Framework for Document-based GNOME applications, using gtkmm. It allows use of the Document/View architecture.
baki	A backup utility used for small to mid-sized backup systems. (It is best used to save your host-specific configurations on a central backup host.)
bakme	Bakme is a powerful yet very comfortable file backup utility. It&#039;s built around droplists, an URL-based lists of files that are edited with DnD and popup menu. Multiplatform program has many features and can be easily translated. Stores into ZIP arc
bakrotate	This script shell (in environment BASH) has the purpose to create archives of backup of a partition or specific directory, effecting rotating of these archives in agreement space in disk.
baku	The Baku project is a simple puzzle game inspired by Segas Baku Baku, which appeared on the Sega Saturn and PC in the mid 90s.
bal	BAL is a IP service(http etc.) redundancy/High availability program.  Monitors IP services like web servers, updates DNS to point to the working maching/VIP for Geographic redundancy, this can be used in conjunction with other loadbalancing technologies.
balaka	Object-Oriented web application famework based on VOS (http://interreality.org)
balanca	Sistema de Controle de Balanças Industriais Filizolla para Aterros Sanitários
balance-games	A pack of games, based on swinging, on efforts to reach balance, on interesting equilibrium effects and such.
balancegame	Balance is a 3D arcade game in which the player must balance a ball on a rectangular pad for as long as possible. The longer the player manages to do this, the more unruly the pad becomes, making the game more difficult as time goes on. Made with Acknex6
balanceofpower	Balance of Power is designed to be a tactical space strategy game with RPG elements.  It is designed to be multiplayer online, but distributed -- to be played in groups of two or greater.  The primary technologies to be used are Java (for platform indepe
balancer	Balancer is an userspace NFQUEUE filter to load-balance traffic across multiple uplink ISP connections. It works on kernels 2.6.7 and above.
balancerbench	Distributed Benchmark is an extesible tool for measuring load balancing algorithm performance. It&#039;s also a solved design problem of dynamic configuration and independence from message passing subsystem (e.g. CORBA)
balbes	this is a porting project of DLX, a BBS Server for DOS. Only userinterface and behavior will remain. Data managment will be done via  the MySQL database and as network interface was telnet protocol selected.
balcanian	Balcanian Adventure is a mIRC based MMORPG.
balcannet	BalcanNET iz Serbian/Bosnian/Croatian/Macedonian/Slovenian IRC network. Our network\\\\\\&#039;s basic aim is to popularize OpenSource movement on Balkans. BalcanNET project on SourceForge actually is dedicated for BalcanNET developers...
balcony	Balcony is a graphical frontend to set up and manage an asterisk ( http://www.asterisk.org/ ) based PBX. It supports dialplan editing, SIP, IAX2 and H323 client and peers creation and management.
balder	Balder is a multiplayer shooter in Zero Gravity. It was to be 3D, but for now, there is a 2D version under development. Players control a probe which can stick to, and push off from walls, rotate, and fire projectiles to destroy other probes.
baldrick	Software to provide at the table support for the gamemaster running many popular RPGs. Currently, we&#039;re focusing on supporting the d20-based role playing systems.
bali	Bali stands for Bean AssembLy Instructions and is built on top of the java.beans.beancontext API. Bali simplifies this API by providing classes that build a BeanContext hierarchy based on a simple XML file.
balie	Balie - BAseLine Information Extraction (in Java)
balihbs-scripts	My scripts I&#039;ve made (or modified) to make my life easier.
balise	Balise is a visual Java GUI Builder based on/aimed at the Buoy Toolkit (See buoy.sourceforge.net). The GUI definition is stored in a Buoy XML definition file that can be loaded at run time. The design process is entirely graphical.
balkanix	Balkanix is an operating system, having four versions of it`s desktop, with the following kerners: Linux, FreeBSD, OpenSolaris and Hurd. It is lightweight and contains the latest stable versions of the software. Packages are easy to add and customize.
ball-forum	This is a modified version of phpbb and no security holes, and it is relesed under a new name.  &#039;Ball-Forum&#039; . We will also be relesing other versions of ball-forum which are modifed versions of other open source forums.
ball-html-templ	HTML generation from files templates. Designed for python developpers who want to have a very light templating system for their HTML pages generation. Samples and documentation are provided. Created on the idea of PEAR PHP template ITX.
ball-messenger	Este proyecto esta enfocado a planear, diseñar y realizar un programa de chat que sea compatible con el MSN Messenger, que tenga de forma nativa mejor manejo de transferencias de archivos, permitiendo pausar descargas...
ballamigos	Ball Amigos is an exciting strategic multiplayer internet game. It simulates a soccer match. Players move in turns and try to put the ball in the opposite team&#039;s net.There can be up to 6 players in each match.
ballbouncings	A ball falls down, hits an obstacle, and bounces on. The obstacle makes a sound whenever it&#039;s hit by a ball. You put up more obstacles, rearrange them, and soon you have a little melody playing. Just like BallDroppings, but open source - and with a 
ballena	Ballena is a Vocabulary Trainer written in Java using XML. It supports multiple dictionaries and localized GUI interface.
ballerspiel	Projekt: Ballerspiel (Vorlesung C#)
ballistics	Space Ballistics is arcade game like Amiga&#039;s Gravity Wars. You need set angle and torpedo power to hit enemy, but gravitation from some planet make trajectory not easy.
ballistics-barn	PHP/MySQL based tool for tracking and sharing reloading data.
balloncaptif	Student project at the Ecole Centrale de Lyon. Design of an open-source wireless realtime video acquisition device using a CMOS digital camera and a µclinux microcontroller.
balloons	This is my first game made in python with pygame, you must take ballons before they get away.
balloons-ng	BALLOONS is a tile based platform puzzle game written in C++ using SDL.\nLevels can be quite tricky, dangerous and time limited, too!
balloonwindow	This library is a set of components that enable Windows XP style balloons to be incorporated into your .NET application allowing for powerful UI interactions.
ballotbox	ballotbox is a java library consist of 36 algorithms derived from 23 Social Choice Rules (Voting Methods). Uses jgrapht graph theory project and it is own Preference class to represent preferences. Includes preference similarity algorithms.
balls	A dynamic package manager with a virtual file system interface.  Keep track of files installed from a source tarball and easily remove those files.  Simply copying files from /usr/src/{package name} will automaticly create a package.
ballsmacker	Ballsmacker is a Pool game rendered using OpenGL.
ballyhoo	Ballyhoo is a banner management and tracking system writting in perl, specifically designed to handle banner ads and their management from the reporting.net (BeFree) commission/affiliate network.
balmud	Text-Based Behavioral and Artificial Life Simulation
balour	Balour is a 3D multiplayer game for Linux, Windows and Mac OS X. Aim of the game is to shoot each other with small vehicles. The complete source was/is written in C++.
balthazar	A free PHP-based web script to allow remote control of any LED sign using the Alpha protocol (including all Alpha models, Beta-Brite models, and others made by Adaptive Micro Systems).
balto	Balto is a simple SCA(Service Component Architecture) container implemention by Java language.
balug	This is the BALUG (Argentine) web site and repository. BALUG is a Linux User Group created around 1995 in Argentine.
balzac	Balzac Content Management System (CMS) Full modularity, embedded WYSWYG editor, flat file database or ANY other database, easy templating and, really, MORE
bamboo	Bamboo helps you to create standards-based, cross-browser page layouts more easily by providing a new layout languge that is more natural than CSS for defining layouts.
bamboo-cms	Bamboo CMS is an innovative content management system powered primarily by PHP, PostgreSQL, and XML. It accomodates a variety of front-end options.
bamboobuilder	A porting kit to migrate databases to Bamboo Prevalence using strongly typed datasets (XSD).
bambooframework	An ajax framework which is build on the top of SpringFramework and DWR. It simplifies the development of ajaxian web application while still provides the flexibility to integerate with any other web framework or view technoloy.
bamiacheck	Another chess game. Its goal is to develop a not too dumb artificial player.
bammbrowse	This project was started in the hopes of an integrated internet, with the quality and features people want. Bamm is a browser that will take the good parts from all other browsers, and adding on better features.
bampot	BAMPOT (Bookmarks Analysis Management Processing and Ordering Tool) is a program designed to allow you to organise and convert your browser bookmark files. It currently can handle and convert between Netscape/Mozilla and Internet Explorer formats.
bamuba	This software product brings the mobile and pc based internet together. It provides and easy to use interface to create a mobile site and a standard site. It uses the latest technology to determine what markup language to present to the connecting device
banana-p2p	Banana! Is a P2P (Peer-to-Peer) Network much like Kazaa, Morpheus, ect.  Banana! is a free software with no spyware and faster connections.  Banana! also has built-in chat channels in its program that allows users to chat to eachother on various subjects
bananacms	bananaCMS is a Content Management System, which allows great customizability and has a nice set of builtin features. Creating user defined content with a Wiki-like syntax is also possibly.
bananadotnet	Banana.NET (banana-dot-net) is a compilation of architectural guidelines for designing software solutions built on the Microsoft.NET? framework. It is also a set of class libraries that provide basic services and framework packages often used in projects
bananakernel	The Banana Kernel is an open-source pedagogical operating system intended to provide useful means for teaching basic OS concepts, with the possibility of interaction with external modules developed by the teacher or student.
bananapanel	BananaPanel is a web-services based Content Management System for letting end-users modify their websites or online stores.  It is ideal for hosted systems since the CMS and server can reside on a local server while the client&#039;s site is hosted anywh
bananaphp	Web 2.0 framework developed in PHP5 that allows you to develop interoperable, standards-compliant, scalable web applications without having to worry about the complexities of the underlying architecture for the most common of functionality.
bananaproject	A pseudoanonymous encrypted network client.
bananasplitter	Application able to split an Avi file (compressed in divx or xvid) into 2 segments, bypassing codecs or any external libraries. JVM is required.
bananet	Managed appliances for remote access.
band-mgr	Open Source Indie band manger for working bands.  Manage gigs/tour, inventory, income/expenses, e-mail lists, setlists, songs/tabs/audio, contacts, promotion and let it create/update your band website on the fly.
bandaid	Basic ANt Dependencies AIn&#039;t Difficult - adds basic inter-project dependency facilities to the Apache Ant build tool.
bandcalendar	A bone simple calendar web application targeted at members of musical groups, their managers and booking agents.
bandcms	Easily make a website for your band or musical group!
bandicut	Gestión de proyectos basado un entorno web,apoyado en la centralización de procesos por un sistema de asignación de tareas, control y reporte de errores,administración de versiones de archivos svn y gestión de recursos tanto humanos como físicos
bandit	The bandit project is a repository of the various known algorithmic solutions for the multi-armed bandit problem. The project is also a repository of several datasets that could be used for benchmarking purposes.
bandman	A smart file distribution system that balances outgoing bandwidth between mutiple servers, designed for distribution of large files while keeping under bandwidth constraints.
bando	A PHP Web project designed to track Marching/Symphonic Band members, attendance, uniform checkouts, instrument checkouts, and a lot more.  Developed for use by the Marching Illini.
bandp	Realtime C code for the Ball and Plate system. Amuse your friends. Crush your enemies.
bandpass	The ValerEQ is DX Directshow based professional equalizer provides five ranges of fully parametric equalization of audio signal. Each of these ranges can be configured with control of type of equalization, Frequency, Q-Factor, Gain, and Preamp level.
bandsaw	Band Saw is a syslog monitoring program for GNOME. It allows the user to setup filters that define which messages should generate alerts. Combined with syslog&#039;s remote logging functionality it provides a scalable and easily deployed monitoring solut
bandsite	The goal of this project is to create a Content Management System for musicians. Musicians can update and keep track of their website via a web interface rather than by updating by hand.
bandsitecms	BandSite CMS is an all-in-one website content management system aimed at bands who want a well organized, website that is easy to manage. It uses PHP, MySQL, XHTML 1.1 Strict, and CSS to manage the site while maintaining your site&#039;s unique look and 
bandtest	Bandtest is a php utility that can measure the bandwidth on a Local Area Network or on a Wide Area Network. it displays how many MBPS you have
bandwagon	A set of documentation and scripts to install, configure, and manage the open-source darwin OS for use in a compute cluster environment.
bandwidth-tool	Bandwhidth tool for command line without using any external library. You can obtain the amount of kb/s of any communication and get statistics of ports used and traffic by IPs.
bandwidthabuser	This project can be used to download data from the internet, to test the bandwidth from different servers.
bandwidthapart	Bandwidth Apart is a simulation used to estimate bandwidth usage over communication links in the telecommunication industry. It also has the ability to ping VoIP servers and test connections for latency, packet loss, jitter etc...
bandwidthd	Tracks usage of TCP/IP network subnets and builds html files with graphs to display utilization. Charts are built by individual ip.  Color Codes HTTP, TCP,UDP, ICMP, VPN, P2P, etc.  Click on the release notes icon for the latest release for more info.
bandwidthmon	Need to know how much bandwidth you have remaining this month? Then this is the script for you! (note: this script has only been tested on cpanel systems; if you use cpanel then this should work; otherwise drop us a line and we&#039;ll do the best we can
bandwithmonitor	PHP Bandwith meter is a easy to tool to let web-surfers show them the downloadspeed they can download with from your server, yet only available in Dutch
bane-trivia	This is a trivia application for which you can write your own questions. It is LOTR trivia because the qustions I have provided are about LOTR. Currently only in Linux.
banex	a nice PHP/MySQL Banner Exchange program with anti-cheat functions and more!
bang	bang is a multi-agent system primarily suited for experiments and computaions in artificial intelligence and data mining.
bangbang	This project aims to create the equipment (hardware) and software for a laser tag game. From the player&#039;s gear to the scoring and statistics system. Current status: creating the prototype implementation.
bangla	Bangla Lekho is TinyMCE modified to enable Bangla typing in various fixed and phonetic layouts
bangla-gedit	Bangla gedit, gedit is a small but useful application. So, what about if we the people who speak in Bangla translate the application for ourselves.
banglaocr	BanglaOCR is the Optical Character Recognizer for Bangla Script. It takes scanned images of a printed page or document as input and converts them into editable Unicode text.
banglapad	BanglaPad is an open-source, platform-independent, lightweight, rich text editor capable of editing Bangla and English. It is a complete solution for editing Bangla and English together, with special features like spelling checker, keymap, export to html
banglasms	The software, BanglaSMS, enables users of mobile phones to both send and receive SMS in Bangla language. \n\nFor details: \nhttp://www.sphuron.com\nhttp://www.sphuron.com/banglasms/index.php\nEmail: mizanur@sphuron.com
bango	Standardisation and implementation of sound themes for Linux desktop environments.
bangpypers	This is an user group for the Python deveolpers across India specifically focussed on the Banglore community.
bangthedrumcln	A Community Learning Network is a fully functioning content management system designed especially for the non-profit social service sector.  Simple to use, yet powerful content and permission management tools. E-learning focus, and multilingual support.
bangzhu	Essentially a simple task tracking system with categories and statuses. Developed with small organization IT Managers and Help Desks in mind. Simplicity, ease of use, and good looks drive development. Runs on PHP5 and MySQL through a web interface.
banipssh	When someone try to &quot;brute force&quot; your SSH&#039;s server, BanIpSSH will ban him with iptables. You can administrate BanIpSSH with a graphic interface or with a Web Interface. You can add IP in a &quot;White List&quot;. IP in this list can&#039;
banjan	Banjan aims at providing the base architecture for a intranet/extranet groupware/cms suite. Functionnalities are available as pluggable components which can be installed separatly. Expected features are document management, webmail, project management, .
banjar	Web-based bandwidth management tools based on tc and iptables for internet cafe or small to medium network administrators.
banjo	Banjo is non-gui javabean that provides a consumer application with a list of the ten latest applications that have been posted on freshmeat. It provides both a &quot;push&quot; and a&quot;pull&quot; interface to the data.
bank-seta	Supervision Excel Technical Assistant (SETA) is very simple and easy to use Excel/VBA based module for banking supervision, which allows banks to create reports based on predefined matrix and generate bank performance reports.
bankbank	A money management application, a &quot;virtual checkbook&quot;, written in C#. Tracks expenditures, deposits, and credit accounts.
banken	This is an emulation of an online bankinsystem, customers can login via an encryped interface thru http, and do their banking buisness against a server.
bankingsystem	Goal of this project is to create fully functional banking core system.
banks	A Graph based database system for heterogenous data that allows ranked search and browsing.
bankscrapers	Perl modules to retrieve banking information (account information and transactions) from the different banks by scraping their web frontend.
banksys	Banksys is an open source banking solutions for financials institutions. It is a web application solutions that caters to the needs of most financial ie. banks, credit institutions and business alike. There is a huge amount of need to desire this.
banktao	An offline bank transaction management tool, written in Cocoa/Obj. C/Core Data for use on Mac OSX. Features include fully customizable expense posts, keyword-based post matching, search, unlimited accounts/documents.
banlaen	Banlaen is a project for the Game Development course at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, NY.  Banlaen is a top-down action game similar in style to the SNES Zelda game.
bannedwagon	A simple GUI to help find the referral spammers from access log and give them the 403 finger.
banneker	FIRST robotics control software for Banneker Students
bannerator	A PHP Ad Server tuned for millions of impressions per day across distributed servers.  Allows GIF, JPEG, PNG, and rich media (HTML) ads.  Requires Apache/PHP and a SQL database.  Sponsored by VA Linux Systems.
bannerex3a	Bannerexia is a work in progress banner exchange program based on Banex by Trey Brigs, written with PHP/MySQL. New features: uploading, banner stats, size control, &amp; more. Note: If you need or want support, great. Email me, just don&#039;t be obnoxio
bannernet	This is a website banner advertising mangement system. It is powered by ASP.NET and currently requires SQL Server and Windows 2000 Server (or newer) with ASP.NET server extensions to operate.
banshee	banshee-- A toolkit for building constraint-based program analyses
banshee-im	A modular instant messaging system coded on VB/VB.net. It will be capable to connect to various IM networks, using a two-level architecture (connection/protocol-interface).
banshee-updater	Banshee plugin for automatically updating the track library (similar to Rhythmbox&#039; behaviour) and inotify support
banshir	BanshIR plugin turns Banshee in a Lirc&#039;s client, and allows to controll the media player with a generic IR remote control.
bantcp	bantcp - ban IPs from smtp access for vpopmail/CHKUSER/netqmail
banteng	Cross platform visual javascript for building native desktop applications on Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X. Includes a core runtime engine and graphical IDE.
banyan	Banyan is a framework to manage 3D CG data in collaborative working environment.   It allows parallel, distributed development of 3D scenes through the shared central scene data repository.
banyanims	Banyan is an enterprise class, web based, information management system that helps people work collaboratively to solve complex problems.  Banyan increases project performance and reduces risk through the power of collaborative clear thinking.
banyantree	banyanTree is a project intended to bridge the gap between (mostly fresh) developers and the OSS projects. Students, professionals and others have some difficulty finding the right project easily. It is like the PR and HR divisions of the community.
baobab-fp	baobab is an implementation of FPTrees or Frequent Pattern Trees, a pattern recognition/data mining technique.  it has innumerable applications in language processing, clickstream analysis, etc.
baosc2erp	WebERP Integrated with both a new distributor and retail version of the unmaintained OSCommerce as a front end.
baprog	Desktop add-on for windows
baptools	baptools - broadcast audio production tools
bar-code	Barcode is a small implementation of a barcode rendering class using the PHP language and GD graphics library.
baracudautil	Barracuda Utility - a RAD tool for building web applications with Barracuda
baras	baras is an updated version of &quot;SaraB&quot; - Supports the Towers of Hanoi, Grandfather-Father-Son, or any custom backup rotation strategy. Easy to use and highly configurable. baras utilizes the great backup program, DAR (Disk ARchive).
barat	Barat is a front-end for Java. It parses source and byte-code, and performs name and type analysis on demand.
baratillo	El Baratillo es un portal WEB que permite publicar anuncios clasificados sobre venta de productos y servicios as? como anuncios de demandas de productos y servicios.
barbara	ActiveX barcode recognition system. Reads from any Windows GDI video device. Supports Code39, UPC, MSI, 2of5, Codeabar and many others.
barbecue	Barbecue is a Java library that enables the creation of barcodes in a variety of standard formats that can be displayed as Swing/AWT components, included in printed output, generated as EPS and SVG and displayed in a web application.
barbux	Barbux, the bearded people OS
barcat	barcat is just like &quot;cat&quot;, but displays an ASCII progress bar. Its goal is to work on any Unix-like platform and to be directly usable in installation scripts without needing compilation, so it is a pure shell script.
barchart4palm	barchart4palm is a simple component for displaying bar charts on PalmOS-powered devices.
barcode	The Barcode Warehousing System currently consists of BarWare, which is used in conjunction with PHP and MySQL to manage warehousing, inventory, and other POS aspects of business with barcodes, when used with a desktop PC and a barcode scanner.
barcode-code128	A Perl module for generating barcodes in Code128 format.  Generates graphics using the GL library if available, and can also return the raw data that can be used to generate a barcode.
barcode4j	Barcode4J is a flexible generator for barcodes written in Java and available under the Apache License v2.0. Features: Extensions for Apache FOP, Xalan-J and SAXON, Servlet, command-line interface, output to SVG, EPS, Java2D/AWT and bitmaps.
barcoded-cddb	This project is designed to create tools (programs and scripts) to facilitate the cross referencing of CDDB data with barcodes found on CDs.
barcoder	Render barcodes EAN-8, EAN-13 with 2/5 digit Addon, Postscript EPS export
barcodereader	Java set of methodes for recognising 1d bar codes from captured images.
barcodes	This is a tool to create, edit &amp; print barcodes.
barcodes2d	A library for several barcode 2D symbologies generation. The supported symbologies are PDF417 and DataMatrix in C, C# and Java.
barcodes4xslfo	XSL Style Sheet to generate code 39 bar codes in XSL-FO format
barcodingtools	White Tiger - The Barcoding tools project
barcold	An interactive, graphical bar-code reader that scans an image using the user&#039;s scanner and decodes it into digits, placing them on the clipboard. Also generates barcodes from a digit sequence.
barcontrol	BarControl is a Swing control that implements an interface similar to those used in calendar and scheduling applications like Outlook and iCal. It&#039;s straightforward to use and has some premium features.
barcr-reader	Barcr is a UPC code reader library and sample application for Nokia Series 60 devices. It is written with Nokia&#039;s Series 60 SDK.
bard	This package for Better Automated ReDistricting will automatically draw district maps to meet goals chosen by the user.
bardak	Delphi 6, ADO, Russian interface
bardchess	A simple attempt at a chess program, written in C++.  Originally it will be for Win32, but with a few adjustments should compile under any environment.  This is primarily a learning project for the author, and any help would be appreciated!
bardcms	BardCMS is a Web-based management-system entirely written in PHP for simple web-contents like texts, pictures and links. It allows the user to build plenty of websites with only one tool.
barebonespic	A bare-bones PIC programmer.  This low-voltage programmer runs from the serial port of a Windows PC using a handful of inexpensive components.
barenuked	Ultra light yet useful CMS under 100 KB. Includes news, topics, photo gallery, templates, admin login, user/editor login, and many more features. Super simple interface with a flexable CSS based design is one of BN&#039;s strong points.
barf	BARF is a language-agnostic engine for generating finite-automaton-based scanners and pushdown-automaton-based parsers.  Targets (in any arbitrary language) are completely data-driven via text files -- no additional compilation is necessary.
baritus	Baritus is an open source framework for building Java web applications. It is a powerful extension of Maverick, and focusus on developing web applications using plain old java objects.
bark	Bark is a software developer&#039;s design watchdog.  It is an Eclipse plugin that analyzes your system as you develop it and helps you to remain faithful to your design or to evolve it in a controlled manner.
barman	Bartender&#039;s administration software, with cocktail lists, and money count of sold drinks. It is written in php-gtk, with web interface written in php. It uses mysql to store the data
barnyard	Output spool reader for Snort!  This program decouples output overhead from the Snort network intrusion detection system and allows Snort to run at full speed.  It takes input and output plugins and can therefore be used to convert almost any spooled fil
barometz	Textual and graphical CVS statistics generator written in perl.
barong	Barong Project is the Framework development for any application such as Webmail, Address Book etc.
baroque	Baroque is a game engine written with the .NET framework to demonstrate the power of managed code. It is primarily coded with C#, with wrappers for commonly used unmanaged libraries. It also has integration layers for Lua.NET and IronPython.
barp	GPL cryptographic functions using Binomial coefficients, Addition, Rotation, Panmagic squares and cubes.
barpenguin	A software system for controlling a BarMonkey (http://barmonkey.net/), currently written with Gambas (http://gambas.sourceforge.net/).
barque	Web browser for GNOME based on GtkHtml
barracuda	Barracuda - a BibTeX database manager
barrandov459519	USA properties lister, processor and evaluator
barrel	A small, efficient, flexible content management and on-line journal (a.k.a weblog, blog) application, available as a drop-in Java war file
barrestpos	I did this Project in some days for use as POS in my bar, python,linux but with litle modifications will work in windows or warever, is in portuguese but I will be hapy to translate it, any modifications can be done, antonio.anacleto@gmail.com
barricade	This project is working on an alternative firmware for the SMC Barricade router family to have more options, new languages and to be more user-friendly.
barrier	Barrier is designed to manage linux-box as firewall-qos router. It is sophisticated tool intended to manage your linux-box&#039;s iptables rules as also your QoS policy. Actualy QoS plugin for Barrier is based on htb
barrique	Barrique is a personal web-application suite and framework.
barry	Barry is a GPL C++ library for interfacing with the RIM BlackBerry Handheld. It comes with a command line tool for exploring the device and for making quick backups. The goal of this project is to create a fully functional syncing mechanism on Linux.
bars	Program for obtaining comparative statistics about visiting several sites on one server by users of different ISPs/nets/regions etc.
barshemmportal	BarshemmPortal is a modification of the phpBB2 bulletin board site, to be a complete website community solution. At the moment it is in early development, with just rudimentary front page news, and blocks added. The future feature list includes some adde
barsnpipes	BarsnPipes is a MIDI-sequencer, with a very own concept of data-flow. The GUI simulates a pipeline-system, in which the MIDI-data are flowing track by track thru a own pipeline, where they are recorded, manipulated, saved, loaded, filtered and more.
bart	An service monitoring tool to help you keep track of yours and others services running on the Internet (incl webserver, ftpserver etc)
bart-scheduler	BART Scheduler is a PalmOS application that determines the appropriate BART trains to take between two stations, given an approximate time to leave or arrive.
bartend	Bar tending application
bartender	Bartender aid for mixed drinks written in Java.  Accepts queries for ingredients, types of drinks, and what can be made from certain drinks.
barter	A tool for increasing the quality of Java applications. It allows the programmer to use design by contract and define other development aspects right in the classes where they are relevant, as JavaDoc comments. It&#039;s a combination of AspectJ and xDoc
bartertown	Bartertown is an online auction application for small communities (colleges, workplaces, etc). It has been built with symfony, and currently supports a LAMP setup.
bartlby	Bartlby is a network and system monitor completely written in C, to provide a scaleable framework with the ability to monitor networks of various sizes. Bartbly consits of a core deamon, serveral plugins and the web-gui (php-extension).
bartleblog	Bartleblog is a program for writing, managing, updating and maintaining weblogs.
bartlett	Bartlett is a simplified installer, console, configurator and launcher for the PearPC project (PowerPC Emulator).
bartolo	pagina de descarga de torrents.
bartr	bartr is a project started as a social experiment.  Ideally, it will help individuals to live without money.  Phreedom.
baryon	This software aims to provide a way for creating and organizing documents (html pages, text notes, files in the filesystem, ...).
barz	Barz shows you your favorite programs nicely grouped on your desktop. The Barz can completely be skinned and modified to your liking.
bas2	Burnt Area Statistics - compute &amp; render projected and 3d areas of a burnt perimeter, grouped by land cover type, given the fire perimeter, land cover and TIN layers (.SHP format)
basalmr	Little program that calculates maintenance, surplus, and defecit caloric levels using three methods, quick based on weight, katch based on bodyfat, harris, based on age, weight, and height..
baschat	Is a chat proyect like irc implemented in python. it supports command and other features like file transfer and send of email
bascii	ASCII art generator GIMP file_save plugin (in ANSI C). The generated plain ASCII text file - when viewed with the font which was selected for the generation - will appear the same size as the input grayscale image.
bascms	BasCMS is a Content Management System, written in PHP, with a MySQL Backend. BasCMS has as the best feature that it downloads all updates, and all modules automatically.
bascoide	Basco_IDE is an IDE that targets Tandy&#039;s Color Computer BASIC. As it matures, it should feature things such as partial integration with MESS, syntax highlighting, and auto line numbering.
base	B.A.S.E (Basic Architecture for Software Engineering). It provides a standard and worldwide reference structure for java based web application systems.
base-jumper	BaseJumper is a fast easy way to create a website with PHP 5.  It offers base classes you can extend to quickly get you going. BaseTemplate, BaseObject, BaseModule, and BaseSearch.  Spend time *developing* not re-writing code.
base4	Base4.NET is an open source .NET tool for generating, sharing and re-using datalayers.
base64	base64 RFC1113 Vanilla C Code for a portable stand-alone file encode/decode utility.  Help me break it!
base64decoder	Very small utilities that encode/decodes files into/from base64 respectively. Completely written in Pure Pascal (from version 2) they should compile in every Pascal compiler known to man.
base64pp	base64pp is a GNU C library that implements base64 encoding and decoding.
base85-for-xml	This is a C++ reference implementation of a Base85 encoding suitable for XML. A document defining the encoding will soon be submitted to the IETF for consideration for RFC status. This implementation supports incremental encoding and decoding of a stream
base91	basE91 is an advanced method for encoding binary data as ASCII characters. It is similar to UUencode or base64, but is more efficient. The overhead produced by basE91 depends on the input data. It amounts at most to 23% and can range down to 14%.
baseballnuke	BaseballNuke is a module for PHP-Nuke that allows for the administration of a baseball team.
baseballonline	Online Baseball simulation game.  Create and develop a custom player, manage a team, commission a league, the choice is yours.
baseballscoring	The purpose of this program is to present a graphical scoresheet for on-the-field scoring of a baseball-game
baseballsim	A Monte Carlo simulation of Major League Baseball(TM), used to find the best strategies in a baseball game.  The effect of different batting orders and the addition of one super-star can be tested and archived in retrosheet format.
basebox	Basebox is a framework of the dojo development.It includes a simple widget API that you can use to create new widgets or wrap existing widgets from widget libraries such as those from Dojo, YUI, Zapatec, or WebFX.
basebuilder	BaseBuilder is a database framework, like Microsoft Access or Filemaker, designed to help you build custom, web-based databases.
basec	Converts from any numbering system (base) to any other numbering system.
baseclasses	Translation of DirectShow Base Classes from C++ to Delphi should allow Delphi programmers to write their own DirectShow filters.
basecms	Mysql and PHP based OO CMS Core API. OO Database sctructure with Object-modelled access to the data. Templating(Php) and multiplatform possibilities. For PHP developers but no DB knowledge required. DTD, auto-form generation/validation. Low system req.
baseconv	This project aims to deliver a high-quality number base converter utility in Java.  It will support decimal, binary, hexadecimal, octal, and a user specified base and convert between numbers of any base from 2 through 36.
baseconvert	BaseConvert is a small GUI tool to convert numbers of any lenght from any base (between 2 and 36) to another.
based	Based is the project of a simple Database Manager, it  has  a subset of sql commands.
basedatos	Este programa es una simple base de datos, pr?ctica para todos aquellos que posean una grabadora de CD&#039;s. Gracias a esta base de datos podran buscar rapidamente sus programas
basedb	BASE is a database server to manage (locally) the massive amounts of data generated by microarray analysis. It handles biomaterials, raw data and images, and provides integrated and plug-in-able normalization, data viewing and analysis tools.
baseform	PHP5 library to simplify the generation/validation of HTML forms.
basegen	BASEGen is an Open Source MDA code generation tool based on AndroMDA. It can quickly generate an entire application from UML model in a simple way. BASEGen uses state-of-art technologies like: JSF, Hibernate, Spring Framework, Acegi Security and Maven.
basejdao	fd
baselog	Small CMS written in PHP and MySQL for bloging purposes only.
baseme	Framework for creating J2ME Applications
baseone	PHP Framework designed to facilitate the development of web enterprise applications.
baseplus	BASE+ (Basic Analysis and Security Engine) is based on ACID project. This application provides a web front-end to query and analyze the alerts coming from various IDS systems (e.g. Snort).
baserip	Baserip is a DVD backup programme (&quot;ripper&quot;) based on GTK+ and GStreamer.
basesite-php	Welcome to baseSite - the &quot;all you need base&quot; for your future web projects.
baseunit	JUnit extension framework providing utilities and test cases to simplify the testing of Java projects.
basewars	This is a multiplayer-only (possibly with bots) open-source clone of one (1) multiplayer mode included with Novalogic&#039;s &quot;Tachyon: The Fringe&quot;. It is a space-shooter, and the &quot;Base Wars&quot; multiplayer mode is a deeper teamplay actio
basex	BaseX is a native XML database and filesystem browser combined with an interactive user interface. It features compact storage structures, efficient query implementations and a user interface for visual access &amp; interaction with large database instan
bash-gchistory	This project is an implementation of global command history for Bourne-Again shell. The goal of this project is to provide the users of BASH shell the capability to access shell command history across multiple open instances of the shell. (GoogleSOC-05)
bash-ods	BASH shell scripts to automate viewing/updating ODS.org domains and hosts
bash-pause	bash-pause is a program written for linux that pauses the operating system until the enter key is pressed.  It was written to mimick the DOS command &quot;pause&quot; and is used in the same way.
bashar	Multi chan IRC Bot (in Perl Modules, Parameter in Mysql or PostGreSQL Database)
bashblogger	Bashblogger is a shell script. It&#039;s aim is to use *NIX tools common to Linux/BSD/Mac OSX to allow users to create and maintain an XHTML 1.1 compliant, static, personal web log.
bashburn	BashBurn is a collection of bashscripts written to make CD/DVD-burning in the console easier, without the need for a lot of libraries like GTK or QT for a pretty GUI.
bashcp	BasHCP (Bas Hosting Control Panel) is a free open source hosting control panel solution, written in PHP.
bashdb	Here we have debuggers for bash, GNU make 3.80 and python. In the patched sources to make, we provide better error handling and tracing. Bash &gt;= 3.0 now contains these patches, so only the debugger is needed and provided. GNU Emacs support included.
basher	Framework for testing performance of J2SE thread based applications.
bashhttpd	A small http request processor written in Bourne Again Shell .. It is supposed to become a http server when used with some connection initiator/manager like tcpserver/tcpsvd etc..
bashing21	Bash script blackjack game script.  Game logic is very primitave at this point, it&#039;s in beta.  The game so far allows for basic rules to be followed, one player, with a dealer opponent, dealer hits at 17 and below, and player has option to hit up to
bashish	Bashish is a theme enviroment for text terminals. It can change colors, font, transparency and background image on a per-application basis. Additionally Bashish supports prompt changing on common shells such as bash, zsh and tcsh.
bashlcr	bashLCR is a modem/ISDN least cost router for the linux terminal. It dispays the cheapest avilable internet-tariffs and lets you establish a connection with them. A new tariff-list is downloaded every day to keep the tariff-informations actual
bashlib	bashlib is a small CGI library for scripts written in the bash shell. Some effort has been made to remain backwards-compatible with the Bourne shell. It currently handles GETs, POSTs, keywords, and cookies.
bashmail	Apache webmail service written in BASH.
bashnavigator	Bash Navigator eliminates the requirement that users must memorize long directory names, provides forward/back/next/previous navigation keys, and supports a rudimentary form of project management without reducing the flexibility of the BASH shell.
bashpp	&#039;bash++&#039; is a version of the GNU Bourne Again shell with object-oriented programming features that provide shell programmers the means to develop robust and reusable solutions.
bashseti	Script for control of seti program, support multiseti, smp, dial connect, process idle, proxy, work offline, nice,  stats. etc...
bashsms	The BashSMS is a simple bash script front-end to the smssend. It&#039;s uses the smssend as an engine for  sending sms&#039;es. It&#039;s very convenient, only bash and awk are required. The smssend gives you an ability to send sms&#039;es to 78 cellular
bashutil	Inactive
bashwatch	This script attempts to add accountability for accounts used by multiple users.  This is found most commonly where more than one admin uses root.  This is NOT intended to be a security program!  Admins are by nature lazy about documentation.  This is to 
bashwiki	A wiki site based only on bash cgi using tools available in normal gnu/linux distribution (like sed grep make cvs etc.)
basic-ide	The BASIC IDE is an open source IDE for any language you can imagine. The IDE is written in Object Oriented Delphi. This project was abandoned, and now we are trying to get it back up to speed... I must say, all help is welcome !
basic-soft-inv	Software license inventory system.
basic4gl	Basic4Games will be a BASIC programming language for Windows and Linux. Will be the successor to Basic4GL.
basic4pic	The purpose of the basic4pic project is the development of a BASIC language compiler for PIC microcontrollers.
basic4sdl	A derived work from the Basic4GL project for linux using the SDL library. A BASIC language for linux which wraps in the SDL library.
basic68	A BASIC interpreter and debugger for the Motorola MC68HC11 series of microprocessors.
basic7	BASIC 7, Free Open Source Replacement for Microsoft&#039;s Visual Basic 6.0
basicapacheha	This is a bash script for running Apache web server as HA. It supports two nodes. If there is a problem with apache running on master node, the script takes the cluster ip down on the master node and takes the second node to master.
basicbbs	BasicBBS is a very simple BBS/Forum/etc. It is made to include the very least number of files necessary for use, to be an easy to use and manage BBS, and to be as simple as possible. It does not include avatars or flashy add-ons either.
basicbugtracker	BasicBugtracker is a web-based bugtracking program written in PHP, MySQL, and JavaScript.  It is both simple and flexible. Almost every aspect is customizable--from both a simple admin tool and via its straightforward code.
basicbuilder	Basicbuilder is a program for the ti83+/84+ calculators. It can package basic programs as apps, from which they can be directly executed.
basicc	A guide for users new to C++, along with some basic programs.
basicchat	Basic chat is a little chat program written in Delphi. It is intended for small networks e.g. an Intranet.
basiccontent	A basic content management system written in Perl that allows users to easily update web pages.  In addition users are able to output certain pages such as news releases and calendar listings as xml that can be shared with other web sites.
basiccpp	Header files for C++ that ease the transition from BASIC/QBASIC to C++ by allowing certain BASIC commands to be used in C++ code.
basicedu	BasicEdu is a interactive learning system for school children&amp;#8217;s. This system is specially design for the K12 and lower school children&amp;#8217;s. This application uses 3D technology to represent it&amp;#8217;s data.
basicges	BasicGes ser? un programa de gesti?n cl?nico del Facturaplus usando VB NET y Access/MySQL.?Por que Facturaplus? uno, porque es el lider en Espa?a en instalaciones. dos, tiene todo lo que necesario para la gesti?n de una PYME que no desea un ERP.
basicglfont	A portable OpenGL font library, capable of display texture fonts and GLUT-compatible bitmap fonts.
basicj	BasicJ is a Java API that emulates a variant of the BASIC Language. It is intended as a tool for teaching first time students of computer programming and a stepping stone into Java. It can also be used by adv. users who need easy access to a 2D interface
basiclibrary	This is a basic program for managing a library of books or other such media.  Members can loan / return / reserve books.  Members may be added / deleted as can titles of media and instances of media etc.
basicpanel	BasiCPanel is a webhosting control panel that is targeted toward small hosting companies. It is able to manage mail accounts, Apache, FTP users, MySQL, etc, and is completely customizable. BasiCPanel is currently in it&#039;s early development stages.
basicportal	parked
basicproperty	Rich Python 2.2 property framework for rapid application prototyping
basicquery	BasicQuery is a Java-based application used to access databases through JDBC.  It features a Swing-based GUI and includes capabilities useful to developers.  It also produces timing information, which is valuable during tuning exercises.
basicrpg	A basic RPG (similar to the early final fantasy games) written in C#.  A map editor will also be included, as it is necessary to build the game world(s).
basicsite	A PHP Content Management Framework.
basicsoccer	This project tries to give Delphi and Kylix users a BasicPlayer to be used with the RoboCup soccerserver. The interface is based on the API that was written by Emiel Corten.
basicxslt	Java-based tool for performing XSL transformations.  Allows for multiple XSL stylesheets to be chained together and allows for parameters and output properties to be set on each stylesheet.  Remembers configuration information and provides timing numbers
basie	Basie is a GUI multiplatform application designed for professional internet DJs, including a media library, automatic playlist generation, playback of multiple files at once, voice-over support, and more.
basif	BINAF is a one-stop emulation program that will run every emulated system released to date. The coding will include *.zip, *.7z, and any other compression compatibilities that can be used. It will be coded in OpenGL and C++.
basik	BASIK is a C++ library that provides commands similar to those of BASIC.
basil	The Basil project&#039;s mission is to build a parsing and modeling environment where one is able to work with, code in, integrate, and design a wide variety of computer languages.
basil-text	Basil-text is programming language that facilitates the elaboration of the texts. The basic data structures are text, annotation, token and string. In this way basil-text provides you a tools for easy text processing.
basilic	Repository for storing some personal information you need everywhere : your ssh hosts, your bookmarks, your passwords, etc... Multi-User, multi-schemas (store your own info, as you want), ciphered, etc...
basilisk	Basilisk II is a free, portable, Open Source 68k Mac emulator.
basiliskdb	Basilisk is an embeddable data engine and virtual machine.  Applications may use it to allow data and logic to be stored externally in a format that users may read and modify.
basiliskgl	Basilisk is a multimedia and graphical library for Java. Its main goal is to provide a flexible and extensible graphic middleware to adapt your games easily to multiple Java Games scenarios, like Desktop Games, Mobile Games and Web Games.
basilix	BasiliX is a webmail application based on PHP and IMAP, and powered by the MySQL database server. It supports simple mail actions, sending/receiving attachments, an addressbook with group capability, configurable, multiple languages and multiple folders
basils	Java based multi server for IP protocols
basisframework	A network based application framework written in Python which focuses on flexability and stability.
basix	Basix intends to be an interpreted object-oriented/procedural plataform for common development such as Java or Smalltalk but with a Basic/Clipper syntax language, implemented in C++. It is composed by a VM (or Interpreter), a Compiler and an Visual IDE.
basix-irc	A simple but powerful mIRC script. No more stupid script advertisements, dumb graphics and large filesizes.
basket	BasKet Note Pads is an all purpose note taking application that let you take every kond of notes while remaining unobtrusive.
basketball	This project leads to strengthen the relationsip between players of Basketball in Prague trought planning their challenges, trainings and free-games.
basketcareer	Text-based, basketball player career simulation (character-based). You start out as a rookie basketball player and slowly improve your ratings by training and playing with different teams.
basketlib	functions for using online shopping with sessions, no database is needed. add_to_basket(), get_basket_products() etc...
basketmanager	Versilia Basket 2002 Manager. Simulation of manager basketball socety. Provided by a player-editor and player. You can create personages and modify the several characteristics. You can load the personages created in the game. Thanks society VB2002.
basketobserver	Java applet to display data from distribute random sequence generators
basmati	Basmati is a set of open-source PHP scripts that allows parents, students, and teachers to privately view classroom grades via the internet.  Basmati interfaces with Misty City&#039;s Grade Machine and Orbis Software&#039;s Easy Grade Pro.  See homepage!
basn	Better ASN (developed by Thawte Technologies,) is a Java ASN.1 API that achieves near 100% encoding efficiency for typical ASN.1 usage.   An ASN.1 to Java compiler is provided, facilitating custom extension of the API for any application.
basozluk	baSozluk is a web application is a hybrid of a forum and a wiki...
basp	Node status polling daemon. Async polling with ICMP. basp has a web interface and provides \\&quot;getStatus()\\&quot; bindings for C and java,latency,TTL. Compiles on Solaris and Linux.
bass	Analysis &amp; Visualization of the social network based on the musicians at myspace.com. And a Band- Suggestion Tool based on the data.
bass-ckrm	This is project is moving towards the implementation of CKRM ( Class Based Kernel Resource Management ), We are intended to imlement a better Memory Controller,I/O controller,CPU controller and Disk i/o b/w limit. We r 3 undergraduate student working on.
bassa	Bassa is an off line download management server that . Requests should sent by a client, in XML. GADisk is a one such client.
bassacemp	BassACE Media Portal is a set of CGI scripts which allow you to use your web browser to view, choose, and play your MP3 library. Eventually, it will play videos, do simple slideshows, and maybe even play DVD movies.
bassanio	A tool for calculating notional results of elections in parliamentary constituencies which have undergone boundary changes but where an election has not yet been held. Created for use with UK structures, may also be useful elsewhere.
basstuner	BassTuner is a simple software writen in Python &amp; Qt to help you tune your Bass instrument.
bast	BAST: Automation and Services Toolkit. XML / XSLT-driven functional transformation and provisioning engine written in perl. Designed for system automation, network automation and software development.
basta	Extensible distributed member administration system for clubs, enabling board members and committees to access their relevant information.
basted	BASTED is a free tool that acts as a honeypot for spammers, who use spambots to harvest email addresses from websites. BASTED has been designed to become a powerfull tool for system administrators willing to learn about the the spam process. (Please note
bastet	defines two deliverables for making it easier to access upnp servers mainly from non-windows clients.(works on win too)the first application is a upnp to html bridge the second application is a client to access upnp content and play via a mplayer applet.
basti	Basti Tools
bastie	All for free Java editor is another projectbased Java editor with plugin interface.
bastille-linux	Bastille Linux is a Hardening and Reporting/Auditing Program which enhances the security of a Linux box, by configuring daemons, system settings and firewalling.  It currently functions on Red Hat (Fedora Core, Legacy and Enterprise) SuSE, Gentoo, Mandra
bastillenntp	Break free from the tyranny of costly, poorly written commercial implementations of NNTP! Bastille NNTP is a series of C# classes that implement newsreading, posting and encoding/decoding of MIME attachments.
bastion	Bastion is going to be a real time strategy game with realistic simulation of information exchange. What player know is exactly what the chief knows. The goal: conquer the castle. Game will have been finished in June 2004.
bastionfirewall	bastion-firewall is a Netfilter based firewall for Linux. It can generate graphical stats of all the rules traffic in the firewall with Rrdtool and it&#039;s integrated with the Snort Inline IPS. It&#039;s written in the bash and C programming languages.
bastkernel	BastKernel is Real Time Executive &amp; Time-Sharing Kernel.\nsee: http://www.bastkernel.fr.st
bastnagelengine	Bastnagel Engine is an experimental 3D Engine, consisting of old, and new technoligies. Designed to work on older, and newer video cards. Still in development.
bastrama	Commandline tool to manage backup files that are stored on hard drives. Employs infinite grandfather-father-son strategy by deleting defined subset of all backup files, saving space while permitting access to older versions. Aka &quot;Virtual Tape Rotati
basu	Motor de juegos que va a ser usado para el remake del juego de ZX Trashman. Va ser multiplataforma (win, linux, xbox, gp32, gp2x, DS, PSP) y libre para hacerle cualquier modificación.
basys	Platform independent software for planning and configuration of installation bus systems such as EIB (KNX), LONWorks or LCN. Currently, support for KNX/EIB is implemented. (see also http://www.basys2003.org)
bat	A cross platform 2D/3D interactive graphics server.
batallitas	Batallitas is an urban-war board game.
batavia-plugins	Batavia plugins is a set of plugins which can be used by the Batavia file manager.
batch-ssh	BatchSSH (or just bssh) is a command line tool for batch execution of commands over SSHv2. BatchSSH is implemented in Java and is therefore platform agnostic. It support&#039;s simple but flexible target host definition, SSH gateways and Single-Sign-On.
batch4j	Batch4j - Batch for the Java - A project for enable Java run batch processes like COBOL.
batchboard	Batchboard is an authoring/scripting application that exposes ?traditional? command-line, stream I/O-based programs as graphical objects that can be operated upon using direct manipulation.
batchccews	This software helps you encode multiple video files from a batch listing.
batchdvd2xvid	Batchdvd2xvid is a shell script containing commandline functionality for 3-pass processing &amp; convertion to xvid with mp3/ac3/ogg which allows very high (nearly manual) tweaking for optimal quality while still able to automate the process.
batcher	Batcher will parse a simple text file with the extension .script and run all commands within this file. Batcher will easily automate tasks such as mainpulating an ini file or deleting, copying and moving files. It can also write values into the registry.
batchide	BatchIDE is an IDE for the devt of MSDOS batch files.Created by Vivek Narayanan
batchlogin	BatchLogin is a shell connection virtualization program.  It allows a user on a complex network to connect and execute scripts and commands upon groups of machines without having to deal with the connection specifics every time.
batchmanager	BatchManager is intended for commercial use in the surface and coatings industry as an ingredient, recipe and batch manager.
batchput	Batchput transfers files from a local directory, matching the regex you specify, to an URL. Written in Python using PycURL, the program is focused on doing this safely and efficiently, using per-directory locking and a single session.
batchq	BatchQ is a simple multi-queued batch queueing system.
batchrenamer	Batch Renamer is a powerful cross platform graphical tool that allows you to rename several files at once. Regular expression and number sequences are supported.
batchserver	Enterprise Batch Server will fulfill the needs of an enterprise by providing the powerful framework to develop batch applications and provide the tools to schedule, manage and monitor those applications.
batchtranscode	Batchtranscode is a GTK-based Transcode-frontend written in FreePascal for easily transcoding multiple video files.
batemail	A Perl script that you slip between your MTA (e.g. Sendmail) and your local mailer to remove executable (.EXE, .COM, .VBS, etc.) MIME attachments from email messages.
batikd	A simple HTTP-based server providing a language-agnostic interface to the Batik SVG rasterizing engine. By daemonizing the task, the overhead of the JVM is much less of an issue and much better performance is attained.
batinfo	This is, or will be application which displays the status of a ASUS A1 computer, with the correct kernel buils, hopefully in the future, the application will grow larger and include more computers.
batino	The Batino Browser is the next generation rich web browser platform. It is based on Eclipse technology.
batman	BatMan is a free Batterie-Manager for Camping-Cars based on a Microchip PIC16C74. It also supports timed switch on or off for 8 outputs.
batnav	A networked battleship game. Support for multiples players and robots at the same time (one against the others). Support for IPv6 and GGZ
batnaval	This project intends to build a game for entertainement. The language of game is C. This game works like the classic game: &quot;Battleship&quot;.
batoo	This projects consists of a toolkit for the recognition and resolving of EAN13 barcodes with camera equipped mobile phones.
batren	BatRen is an automatic file rename tool. The main goal is to provide a simple way to batch renaming collections of files, such as photo collections. It accepts prefixing and suffixing, start index value and counter padding formats.
battering-ram	Java Accounting Framework based on Analysis Patterns and common double entry method
battery	Java remake of the Battle City game. Breath the preassure. Come play my game I&#039;ll test ya.
batteryanalyzer	Rechargable battery tester / conditioner
batterydaemon	batterydaemon is a BASH based set of scripts which is highly configurable and monitors and carries out policies according to powerlevels on batteries or UPS supplies.
battle-fleets	Galaxy Wars is an EEE (Expand, Explore, Evolve) RTS for up to 16 players.\nThe focus is on innovative gameplay, minimizing micro-mamangement and enhancing\nthe multiplayer experience.
battle-star	Battle-Star is a web based, strategy game, where you must build your own empire from the ground up, make fleets, and conquer the universe. Or you can make a trade empire, that concentrates on trading throughout the universe to make its money.
battle4mandicor	Battle for Mandicor is free real time strategy (RTS) game. It uses Stratagus-engine (http://www.stratagus.org).
battlearms	BattleArms aims to be a powerful CMS-like System with extensible Plugin Manager, Security Layer and advanced Templater to create flexible yet easily configurable pages.
battleblocks	An arcade style game somewhere between breakout and space invaders.  Break bricks by bouncing the ball, but beware of baddies.
battlebot	BattleBot is an AIM-like chat client for Blizzard&#039;s Battle.NET service.
battlebots	Battle Bots: program your own virtual robots to fight others and see how well they do :)
battlebricks	casse-briques multijoueurs / multiplayers break-brick
battlec	The clone/remake of the classic online Codehammer game. Battlecity is an open source, SDL, multiplayer, multiplatform, action/strategy game where you control a tank and build your city, so you can destroy others.
battlecart	Battle Cart is an order management system written in PHP, intended to replace cumbersome shopping cart programs with a simple single-screen interface for optimal user experience.
battlecocoa	BattleCocoa is Tetris clone game focusing on Network match. Connect to other&#039;s Mac and play 1:1 match Tetris like game.
battlecode	BattleCode is a 2D game designed to let &quot;code&quot; (and therfore coders) fight against each other in an arena.
battlecommander	Battle Commander is a 3D multiplayer turn based email strategy game. The player is placed in the role of a battle field commander.  It is fully customisable allowing the user to create/modify their squad before they take on their opponents.
battlecommence	BattleCommence is a Turn-Based RPG Battle Microkernel inspired by the Final Fantasy Series. This is not a graphical project, however, there will be examples in the future using simple graphics. Developed to be Fully Portable (Where C is available).
battlecry	Battlecry is a toy that started as a Heavy Metal Lyrics Generator, although it can generate any other kind of lyrics as well. It uses &quot;modules&quot; containing grammar descriptions and word lists to create random, rhyming lyrics. It is written in Ja
battleeng	BattleEng is an advanced engine for battling programs, like crobots. 3d grpahics using Irrlicht &amp; IrrXML. Script can be made with AngelScript. In future I will add co-operation and new operations/weapons/environments
battlefield-2	This is a PHP class for querying Battlefield 2 game servers. The script returns an array that contains all the public information provided by the server (players, maps played, gametypes, teams, scores, pings, etc).
battlefieldjava	Battlefield Java is simple grid and turned based battle simulation game for Java developers. It requires you to develop a Ruler to control your game pieces. Battlefield Java is a great way to learn Java while having fun and doing battle with your friends
battlefields	Battlefields is a VB game in which you control an armay against varying computer levels.
battleforge	BattleForge is a 24/7 BattleTech-Universe (The Inner Sphere), where players can move units from here to there and organize the resulting fight-sessions. There are no specific games to do this. Anything can be done: from MW4 to Classic-BattleTech Tabletop
battlegames	Ever wanted to play Jagged Alliance in Multiplayer? Want to play it on Linux/MacOS ? This project gives you that oportunity. Our target is to create a game similar to JA2, but with full multiplayer support, platform independant and support for user mods.
battlehood	A turnbased multiplayer game that is a mix of strategy and rpg. You play as a gang that tries to control the whole city but the other gangs will try to stop you... and be careful the police may catch you meanwhile.
battlelion	Multiplayer action / strategy 3D game - 2 teams, 2 bases, vehicles and fighting. Based on OSG &amp; ODE (since feb 2006). We mainly want to create something that you would want to play sometimes, not the &quot;game of the year&quot;. Simple &amp; fun, in
battlemessenger	windows tools for the online game Battle-Arenas (www.battle-arenas.net). Targeted platforms: windows 2000,XP, Pocket PC
battleoelements	Battle of Elements is a Board Game. Each of the 2 to 4 players has 6 Figures on his side of the hexfield-board. There are the following types: water, fire and club. Water can defeat fire, fire defeats club and club water. The figures must reach gates on
battleofempires	a free browser-based MMOG similar to Tribal Wars (see tribalwars.net)\njust looking to make a different version for fun and educational purposes\ni would appreciate it if anyone helped- even if you&#039;re not a pro at it (yet) :)
battlephone	First person shooter featuring single *and* multi-player modes for your 3D capable Java phone (J2ME, MIDP 2.0, CLDC 1.1, JSR-184).
battlepong	Battle Pong is a classic pong game, with the faceoff element from hockey, and featuring freeze missiles as found in many different games. There are one- and two-player modes.
battleroyale	This program is a simulation inspired by the Japanese movie Battle Royale (c) in which the user can add players, who are then pitted against eachother in an arena.
battleship-arm	Battleship: Armageddon is a real time multiplayer Battleship type game.
battleship05	Project Battleship is a computerized version of the battleship board game. The computerized version allows a player to play battleship with the computer, with a peer, or unknown peer on a remote PC.
battleship3d	A 3D computer version of the famous BattleShip game. Written for Linux using OpenGL, will support networking games and skinning support for different looks for your battleships!
battleships	A little school project game software. It should be kind a like Battleship developed in Java with a GUI.
battlesim	A Battle Simulator for the Axis &amp; Allies series of board games.
battlesoccer	Java Battle Soccer, with the possibility of configuring mail settings and a private database, and sending battle moves by SMS or mail. With detailed statistics and top scorers.
battlestars	A game of space warfare. Your goal is to wipe out all enemy player&#039;s bases, but keep in mind that gravity will influence the trajectory of your shots. Included network and AI player support!
battletech	To bring together multiple developers to update and maintain the stock Battletech Mux source code and make it publicly and widely available.
battletechrpg	This project encompasses the integration of many subprojects that will form the BattleTech Role-Playing Game.  This game will allow character creation, game creation and all the other aspects of the BattleTech/Mechwarrior Role playing Game.
battletorrent	Blog Torrent is free, open-source software from Downhill Battle, designed to empower creators. It&#039;s the best way to offer large files on your website without using any storage or bandwidth: posting torrents is as easy as blogging.
battools	Open source software for cleaning and optimising Windows XP(R) operating systems. Based on batch (*.bat) and registry (*.reg) files (tools), give source and ability to modify and configure everywhere and everytime.
battstat	Battstat is a GNOME applet that queries the APM or ACPI system on your laptop and displays it in a graphical window.
batv-milter	This package is an implementation of BATV (Bounce Address Tag Validation), a draft proposal for detecting and messages making fraudulent use of a sender address.  The filter is written as a plugin to Sendmail or other filters using the milter API.
batwachter	Batwatcher is a little bash script, to automatically run or stop programms depends who your computer is powered. It supports ACPI information provided in /proc. The script is &quot;almost&quot; event-driven, so it only will only act, if the powering mode
baudelaire	The scope of this project is to re-unite the work of emerged poetries and digital artist. Free as free speech
baumkataster	Program for registering trees, log their damage and manage actions that are taken on that trees.
bautza	A 2D vertical-scrolling shoot-em-up, with the specific goal of filling every square inch of the screen with enemies, ammunition, and huge explosions, in the tradition of the Raiden arcade games.
bav	BAV is a Bank Account (Konto) Validator written in PHP. It provides classes which can be easily integrated into existing projects to validate german bank accounts. Its database is portable, so you are independend on any DBS and may use a simple textfile
baverburner	BaverBurner is a GUI frontend for cdrecord, cdrdao and dvdrecord. It will be able to create Data CDs, Audio CDs from your MP3/OGG collection, Data DVD&#039;s and Video DVD&#039;s once completed. It requires a valid C compiler and GTK+-2 libraries, as wel
bawo	bawo is the Malawian version of an ancient Afrikan board game based around a simple counting apparatus. bawo (Malawi), bao (Tanzania) and omweso (Uganda) belong to the globally prevalent (spread by the Afrikan diaspora) mankala group of &quot;count and c
baxboard	this is a forum software i started 1 (?) year ago... it is written in perl and started as something simple for my site. But since then i keep adding more and more futures. It uses a DB system that i created and is called &quot;baxDB&quot;. Thats all. (so
bay	Bay controller core application.
bayes-irc	bayes-irc provides a library and plugins for use in IRC Chat. The idea is to bring bayesian filtering known from E-Mail Spamfilters to IRC-Chatclients.
bayesclasses	Bayes++ is a library of C++ classes that implement numerical algorithms for Bayesian Filtering. They provide tested and consistent numerical methods and the class hierarchy represents the wide variety of Bayesien filtering algorithms and system models.
bayesiancfilter	Public domain portable Naive Bayesian message filter aimed towards C programmers.
bayesline	Bayesline is a Bayesian Network Framework based on the Valuation Concept of Shenoy and Shafer.
bayespam	Bayespam is a spam filter for Qmail implemented in Perl.  Based on Paul Graham&#039;s &quot;A Plan for Spam&quot; paper, Bayespam uses Bayesian classification to &quot;learn&quot; what spam and not-spam email looks like, and filters based on that learnin
bayesrss	RSS reader that uses a Bayesian filter to sort items
baykit-eclipse	Baykit Eclipse Plugin is the plugin which manages Baykit softwares in Eclipse. By this plugin, you can easily develop Web applications or XML applications in the workspace.
bayonne	Bayonne is supported from Savanna.gnu.org.  Please visit there.  Sourceforge is generally depreciated except for mailing lists, but updated releases will be posted here from time to time.
bazaar	Bazaar is a multifunction system that does Web Conferencing, IRC chat, link management, and sgml publication (for the ICAAP system). Bazaar uses MySQL at the back end and features customizable interfaces, API, multiple languages and a host of other featu
bazaar-abm	Agent Based Model concerning the informational functions and performance of the different market institutions (comparing traditional Bazaar and modern Mall) under the assumption of behavioral learning by agents.
bazadanych	BazaDanych. An easy database in which we will be able to save our conntacs in binary files.
bazen-jukebox	BaZeN jukebox is a PHP and MySQL-driven script, which is capable of indexing music, edit id3-tags and more. It has been designed to be very userfriendly and very customizeable. Always runs in kiosk-mode. Everything is controlled from the numeric keypad.
bazi	BaZi, also known as Ba Zi or Eight Words,is a traditional Chinese destiny analysis. This is an Apple WebObjects application for constructing BaZi destiny / fate diagram. ?? WebObjects ???????????
bazvinda	BRL is a roguelike game with a fantasy setting.It features randomly generated dungeons and uses a comlex roleplay system.The game is written in C++ and uses the curses packages for console output.It is being written as a university final year project.
bb-cms	bb-cms - this is web-site content managment system
bb-librarian-ri	Self study flashcards-based tool. Represents knowledge as question/answer pairs. Uses a scheduling algorithm for inter repetition invtervals optimization. Employs Web standards (XML, XSLT, HTML). Allows learning history interchange with similiar programs
bb-linkchecker	The Blackboard Link Checker is an open-source extension created for the Blackboard Learning System. Created to utilize Blackboard?s open APIs (Building Blocks),  this application verifies which external links in a course or organization are still valid.
bb-news	BlueBoy What&#039;s New is a simple database front/backend for your web site. It features displaying news items with a date, subject, who posted it, text of news, and a link for email or web page easily, and an admin page is included to make adding news 
bb-sidekick	This program can convert HTML to phpBB-supported code, as well as preview and spell check their message. It can also convert a message into &quot;l33t&quot; and binary, and back again. It is written in C++.
bb-tether-modem	Want to use your Blackberry as a tethered (USB) modem with OS X?  It will function just how it does on Windows - plug in the Blackberry to a USB port on your Mac and after initializing the program you can connect directly to the internet!
bb-video-game	Train and compete as an up-and-coming IFBB Pro bodybuilder in this RPG/strategy game for the XBox 360 and Windows platforms.
bb4scripts	Adding external probes to the Big Brother (BB4) system and network monitoring program
bb4win	Blackbox for Windows is an alternative shell for Microsoft Windows. It is based stylistically on the Blackbox window manager for the X Window System, however it does not use the same codebase except for the gradient rendering code.
bbackup	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
bbadataobject	BBA DataObjects is an object-to-relational mapping library for Microsoft .NET that maps SQL Server tables to Objects, so you can build real Object Oriented Applications in a fast and easy way. Top features: Lazy Load, Paged Loading, Cryptography.
bball	Bouncing ball simulation system. Program written in C#.NET which computes physical phenomena in a system built with: ball and harmonically oscillating surface. It&#039;s a very good example of nonlinear dynamics.
bbarena	Blood Bowl Arena is a Java Open Source version of the popular board game &quot;Blood Bowl&quot;, a fantasy football game, that allow roster creation, network play, match report generation and easy rules customization.
bbat	BlackBerry Attack Toolkit\nThis Toolkit includes the widely publicized BBProxy as well as patches to the metasploit attack framework for attacking internal hosts via the Blackberry environment, as demonstrated at Defcon 14 in 2006.
bbb	A Bulletin Board (Mesage Board, Forum) writen in PHP using a MySQL Database.
bbbastards	Bomberbastards is a multiplayer bomberman clone with extended maps and lua scripting for AI players and custom game objects. Currently windows and linux are supported. SDL is used for the graphics.
bbbbbbbbbb	bbbbbbbbbb
bbbm	bbbm is a background manager for the Blackbox window manager. It gives an overview of all images that are added, and allows the creation of Blackbox submenus for the images.
bbbutton	BBButton is a dock application for BlackBox (not only), that allows you to create single application launch buttons with the image and application launch of your preference.
bbc	Bulletin board server with distributed data replication and a variety of user interfaces.
bbc2mp3	bbc2mp3 is a simple tool for saving BBC ``Listen Again&#039;&#039; programmes as MP3 files. It can be run either as a command line programme or a simple GUI. It works by saving an audio stream as a wav file (using mplayer) and converting this to mp3 (usi
bbcalc	BBCalc (BodyBuilding Calculators) is a set of calculators related to body building and fitness topics.
bbcalculators	This project provides free browser-based calculators of several types to students and others who may not have access to a hand-held calculator. These calculators may be accessed from the web or downloaded to the local hard drive for use when disconnected
bbcash	a personal finance application, written in java for platform independance. This app will let you keep track of your money.
bbcdnascripts	Code to enhance the user experience while browsing BBC DNA messageboards.
bbcheck	BBCheck is a Firefox extension that let you keep track of any thread you want in any phpBB forum you like.
bbcms	BBCMS is a extensive Bean-Based Content Management System. It is easy to extended by add a new formed bean. New content and editor can be easily add to the system. The front can get data by fetch a new thing called datasource(different from current one).
bbconf	bbconf, is a comprehensive, all-in-one GUI-based blackbox window manager configurator, including the previously separate configurators &quot;bbkeysconf&quot; (my keybinding configuration program for blackbox), &quot;toolbox&quot; (a gui blackbox style-fi
bbcpufreq	bbcpufreq is a slit application for the blackbox window manager acting as gui-frontend for cpufreqd
bbcs	the bbsc - BinBase Cluster System is a specification for the distributed calculation of jobs using j2ee and a cluster. We provide an implementation for Rocks Linux Cluster (Sun Grid Engine).
bbcwiki	BBCWiki is an open-source wiki-based content management system built in PHP with data encoding in XML-based files. The project&#039;s primary focus is making BBCode-like functions and markup available for inclusion in wiki pages.
bbd	Artificially intelligent drum machine
bbdb	The Insidious Big Brother DataBase is an emacs-based contact manager that integrates itself into your mail and news clients.
bbdbd	BB&#039;s Database Desktop replaces and extends Borlands Database Desktop, which is not free. The goal of this project is to implement the functions of the original Database Desktop and add some useful features
bbdoc	The bbdoc (Boost.Build Documentation) project will provide user-guide and reference material for the Boost.Build system.
bbe	An original bruteforce-based encryption/decryption system. BBE was originally conceived to chat with encrypted text on IRC. mIRC and X-Chat support BBE via script addon. BBE can also encrypt MIME encoded files. Blowfish encryption is currently supported.
bbe-	bbe is a sed-like editor for binary files. Instead of reading input in lines as sed, bbe reads arbitrary blocks from an input stream and performs byte-related transformations on found blocks.
bbeditor	bbEditor is a stand alone client for create, editing and previewing of bbCode documents.  This application was created to allow the local editing/storing of documents to be eventually posted on a CMS or BB system thats supports bbCode.
bbengine	Yet another 3D engine.
bbg	A series of simple video games, written in various languages (chiefly C/C++ and making use of several libraries).  Libraries crafted within the project for use by Bouncing Ball Games will also be made available.
bbg-text	A tool for gathering textual descriptions for bbgallery-generated image galleries.
bbga	Black Box GA provides a user, with a ?black box? program to use a genetic algorithm to help optimize problems, without the user coding a genetic algorithm, or even understanding how a Genetic Algorithm works!
bbgallery	Creating stitic HTML based image galleries for online and archiving purposes
bbgame	An adventure game inspired by a Trash-Sci-Fi-Series called &#039;Brandywine and Baldwin&#039;.
bbgaming	Simple Pong game.  Useful for learning how to program graphics in Java.
bbgui	Using an http(s) server to facilitate using an HTML GUI for an application. This makes applications far easier to migrate to a different platform, faster to develop, enables access from a remote computer, and provides a more intuitive and stable GUI.
bbibolt	BBI BOLT is Blue Blaze Irregular Banzai OnLine Training.  This project is a web based version of the RPG currently played via email.  The setup is similar to several different &quot;portals&quot;, but the administration is unique.
bbinfo	BBInfo is project for custom looking for needed bussiness Info.
bbinterface	BBInterface is a lightweight user interface architecture plugin for Blackbox for Windows.  It allows you to create controls such as buttons and sliders on your desktop and assign actions such as launching programs or changing volume to them.
bbinventory	Baseball Inventory is a PHP/MySQL program to keep track of a person&#039;s baseball cards. It will also allow people to put in the price tag of each card and keep inventory and condition of the card. Many more features to come but that is where we will s
bbips	bbips - Bash Batch Image Processing Script A menu driven bash script that uses Imagemagick to &quot;batch&quot; process entire directories of images all at once. For use with Linux and Unix systems to batch process jpg image files from the bash shell.
bbkernel	The idea behind the bbKernel is the same one behind the Linux Kernel: a system that can be distrubuted in different packages, or stand alone. bbKernel will be a simple forum system, with key feautres and a well laid out and commented source code.
bbkeys	bbkeys is the keygrabber for the blackbox window manager. bbkeys handles all keybindings and keyboard shortcuts for blackbox. It uses blackbox&#039;s Image classes for rendering its look and feel so that bbkeys will render itself to match whatever blackb
bbla	The Big Brother Log Analyzer (BBLA) is a package consisting of an HTTP logger and of a log analyzer. It provides a lightweight and free solution (with no banners!) for individual users and/or systems administrators willing to track their audience.
bblast	A suite of tools for the analysis of binary executables, the kernel based on the core of the Basic Local Alignment Search Tool.
bblobs	A real time strategy game where all your units are a bunch of blobs. The purpose of the game is to focus on developing game play featrures to more accurately simulate real melee battles.
bblocked	Web-based proxy coded in PHP, using the libcurl library, bblocked allows you to quickly and easily setup your very own proxy bypass site!
bblog	bBlog is a blogging program written in OOP style PHP. Major features include threaded comments and trackback support. It is designed from the ground up to use the Smarty templating engine. It has unparalleled extendability and versility.
bbm	A 3D puzzle game written in python and developed using ogre.  The player controls a ball trying to solve puzzles by destroying blocks.
bbman	BBMan is a SSH/SFTP/BBS/telnet Client. Free, opensource and multi-platform support (Windows/Linux/Mac). You can get some screenshots in http://bbman.sf.net/
bbmbcc	Virtual Comport driver for Serial to Ethernet mapping based on ircomm2k(www.ircomm2k.de) by Jan Kiszka
bbmethod	The BlackBlade Method of audio encoding is a unique process, in that instead of saving the wave itself to a file, we save information about the wave.
bbmg	Need access to your bookmarks from more than one computer. If you can&#039;t stand &quot;bookmark managers&quot; that you access from your browser (slow etc), and you don&#039;t have access to fancy database, check this out. It&#039;s small and fast and 
bbmod	Free mods for phpBB, vB, MyBB, and XMB.
bbmxoops	Well known Invision Power Board and PHPBB was ported to XOOPS portal. It is so interested in my project. Get these modules for your site which using XOOPS portal.
bbnet	Software for an online-community with chat and discussion forums.
bbo	A networked multiplayer Blood Bowl game for Windows. Built-in team editing, uses Blood Bowl v2 rules.
bboard	BirdBoard, a PHP/MySQL BBS that is designed to fly. It features all of a modern BBS script, but its code is designed to work faster than any other board currently available while keeping its simplicity and still be very flexible and customizable.
bbob	BBoB is a Qt based app that will take one or more inputs and allow the scripting or sequencing of one or more outputs. I/O can be single bits (switch or relay), multibit (keypress, serial, midi), etc. Plugins provide extra functionality.
bbom	BitStormLite is a BitTorrent Client based on c++/gtk+2.0
bbomb	This is a game, in which there are bombs bouncing on walls and the player must not hit one of them. It is programmed using &lt;a href=&quot;http://gambas.sourceforge.net&quot;&gt;&quot;GAMBAS&quot;&lt;/a&gt; and the aim is to show of to do a simple game 
bbots	bbots - (B)ash (BOT) (S)cripts. IRC bots written in bash. The bots are self contained and have everything needed to load and run. More modules and development on http://bashscripts.org
bbottler	Brian Bottler is a modification of the open source project Bottler
bbowl	A Java porting of Blood Bowl, the fantasy football game. Unfortunatly I had to write it in italian.
bbox	BlackartBox 3D monitor for RoboCup simulation visualization.
bbp-php	BBP is intended to be an easy-to-use back end which handles your user registration and login, and let&#039;s you build a website using scripts in blocks. Site administrators select the scripts to present and where/when they appear on the site as well as 
bbparser	BBParser is a PHP (4 &amp; 5) library providing BBcode tags conversion TO and FROM a (X)HTML code and a flexible filter system with emoticons support.
bbpress	A simple forum/bulletin board system designed with web standards, aesthetics, and ease-of-use in mind. Based on miniBB.
bbproject	It&#039;s a new group who made some cool small software in php!
bbps	Simple and small PHP application to store bookmarks on a server. Different in that bookmarks are not stored in folders, but each bookmark can be assigned to an indefinite number of categories.
bbq	BBQ-CDR is the Batch Burner with Queues, a set of Perl scripts to facilitate burning audio CD-Rs quickly and efficiently with minimal user-interaction. To achieve this, BBQ simultaneously burns and decompresses audio and allows CDs to be burned via WWW.
bbqmanager	A movie queue manager for Blockbuster Online Rentals written in Java.  Download your queue and manipulate it from your desktop.
bbquest	This is a game designed to be random in nature and open ended enough to give many many hours of enjoyment.  I hope to have both a command line interface and a web-based interface.
bbrail	A multi-database system supported Community/BBS/CMS system powered by MONORail and Brail Engine running on the CLR environment such as .NET 1.1/2.0 and MONO framework.
bbrb	GUI background manager for Blackbox.  Allows easy management of background images to be used with Blackbox.  External programs such as xv and Esetroot are used to set background images on the root window.
bbrc	Multi-User Remote Control application for Lego Mindstorms(TM) based robots using USB gamepads
bbrowser	A very fast and funny browser with only few options whis is designed for kids... It&#039;s a Visual Basic based browser...
bbs	The goal of this project is to provide an open-source solution for BBS sysops, in hopes of revitalizing the BBS community system.
bbs-notifier	BBS notifier is a small tool to scanning the items of BBS and find the new replay or post of it.
bbs2k	BBS2k is small script who can view WWW pages from servers behind masquarade (proxy or firewall).
bbscores	This project provides two sports related tools for Watson.  Baseball Scores for Watson is a plug-in for Watson that displays box scores from major league baseball games.  Football Scores for Watson is a plug-in for Watson that displays box scores from NF
bbsendmail	Small SMTP wrapper designed to be used in chroot-ed environment as a sendmail command-line tool replacement. e.g. warpper can be used by php ( by function mail ) instead of using SMTP client written in php
bbsmax	BBS Max is a bulliten board written in ASP.NET 2.0 designed for any size community. Get the maximum out of a BBS with BBS Max!
bbsms	Blackboard SMS is a Building Block that provides SMS (Short Messaging Service) functionality within the Blackboard Virtual Learning Environment.
bbsocket	This is an object oriented, thread based socket library, written in C++. It may be included in any GUI or console programs to handle sockets easily.\nThe server socket part has not been finished yet.
bbss	A time tracking file specification with sample implementations of applications that can use the file format.
bbstatus	BBStatus is an IP accounting and an SNMP and IP monitoring tool for Linux. It collects, summarizes, and displays the values from its database.
bbstroke	BBStroke - mouse gestures for the blackbox window manager.
bbsyntaxhi	The cross-platform console program that inserts BBTags to a text file to highlight its syntax.
bbsystem	BBSystem (Basic Blogging System) allows you to easily publish a blog of your own, with features such as commenting and the usage of regular bbcode. What separates this from every other blogging system is that it is EASY! =)
bbtools	bbtools is a set of simple and small desktop tools for the Blackbox window manager. Tools range from a pager (bbpager) to a mail notifier (bbmail).
bbtoolsbatch	Provides a text-mode menu interface and adds fileset processing to bbTOOLS v1.9, a free MPEG toolset available separately.  Currently, only bbDMUX is supported.  bbDMUXit allows easy demuxing of multiple MPEG files from Windows or the command line.
bbuilder	Bind Builder provides distributed web administration of subdomains managed by a Bind server.
bbultimate	bbUltimate is a new type of Online Forum (Bulletin Board) software. bbUltimate has many features of other popular Bulletin Board Software. Packed full of features and with continuous updates from our team of designers and coders!
bbviewer	BBViewer allows new parents to quickly create a website announcing the birth of their child.  All controls are done via a web browser, allowing a parent to enjoy their new child and not have to work on a web page.
bbwa	BB Win Amp
bbwatcher	The Big Brother Watcher is a Perl/Python server/client application to relay monitoring events directly to a user&#039;s desktop from either Big Brother or The Hobbit Monitor.
bbwave	Java binaural beats generator. To generate your brain wave using binaural beats technique. Require JSyn library.
bbweblog	BBWeblog is a simple, customizable Bulletin Board/Weblog web application developed in Java using Jakarta Struts and Hibernate.
bbwin	bbwin is big brother hobbit modular monitoring client specially made for windows.
bbxl	BBXL (Bulletin Board Excel) is forum software developed in the Perl programming language.  BBXL is completely customizable by the end-user in many different aspects, and can easily integrate with your website.
bbxp	BB-XP is a phpbb2 premod based on 5 fundamental issues: Security, Speed, Community, Presentation and Xtras.\n\nIt encapsulates many generic mods that enhance the phpbb software and present the user with a flexible and versatile package.
bbz	BBzServer files relevent to server or relevent to costom clients or either OT Stuff in general
bc-core	MMORPG server based on MaNGOS 2893
bc-rte	The Cross-Browser, Backward-Compatible, Rich-Text-Editor is just that.  It provides a rich text editor for browsers which support the Midas API and where they don&#039;t, it provides a markup system similar to BB code.  It also supports pre-loaded HTML.
bc-scatterplot	bc_scatterplot is a scatterplot plugin for the bioclipse project
bc-sctl	sctl is a CLI program to control as many aspects of Uniden Bearcat radio scanners as possible, including backup and restore of memory contents, scanning, searching, trunk scanning, etc.  Please see the homepage link for more info
bc3	basiCommunication is a software package designed for businesses, universities, and other organizations that want to set up their own discussion network.  It features instant messaging, moderated rooms, virtual chalkboards, and file sharing.
bc4j-multi-row	Extensions to Oracle JDeveloper Business Components for Java (BC4J) framework support libraries to provide multiple-row database DML operations in Servlet and JSP web applications via an easy-to-use Java API and JSP tag library.
bca	This project allow to know the charge of the bandwidth used by a server... It update the charge all the minutes and generate images.
bcache	Transparent reverse cache: placed in front of a slow HTTP server to cache it. Handles URL mapping, cookie filtering, cookie-based authentication, different pages at a single address based on authentication, transparent proxying, variable caching policy..
bcagent	The BroadClip Agent is PVR software directed at mobile devices. The software allows for the recording and transcoding of live broadcast video. It levearages DirectShow.Net. See www.broadclip.com for general product information.
bcalendar	A simple calendar that allows for someone to schedule their day, week and month.  Something similar to the calendar in Outlook.
bcaster	BCaster. BlogCaster. Write once, blog anywhere.  In other words, write your blog in one location, and then send the entry to every blog you have (MoveableType, Blogger, Xanga, MySpace, LiveJournal, etc...)
bcasttools	A collection of tools for the broadcast industry, including equipment planning and program scheduling components.
bcatcms	A content management system that is simpler to use than other CMSes. It is simpler, easier to use, but lacks some of the features of other CMSes. However expanding is easy with an easy to use module creation system.
bcbboost	A set of patches for official Boost library releases to provide support for the latest compiler from Borland
bcbdirectx	BCB DirectX uses the Borland/Inprise C++Builder compiler to create a library of RAD components that accelerate DirectX Game development.
bcc	Bulgarian Creative Circle is a set of Perl modules, scripts, templates and taglibs which makes possible to build Web CMS-based Applications with their growth in mind from the beginning. It is based on CGI::Application, TT2 XUL/XHTML/CSS,JS...
bccc	BlueCoat Control Center allows people with BlueCoat proxies to monitor their proxy infrastructure. It utilizes Tcl, PHP, and MySQL.
bcck	The Bernoulli Compiler Framework is an open, robust, tool library developed for the purpose of enabling interoperability of new and existing compiler modules.  Initially conceived as an instrument to be used by researchers within our group, it has been d
bccsdk	This project has a goal to provide complete port of latest MS Platform SDK along with some other commonly used separate SDK&#039;s for both older and newer Borland compilers. This includes headers, idl files and static and import lib files.
bcd	Syst?me de gestion de la BCD d&#039;une ?cole primaire.
bcexplorer	BCExplorer is a customizable file manager written in 100 percent pure java. The project includes a cross platform multi threaded file operations library.
bcglyph	This program will enable you to generate HTML code for present glyph block, based on any city building game.
bchat	This is a modular chat system for bingo eV. (http://www.bingo-ev.de). It is inspired by irc and many others. You can chat via web frontend, console frontend or any other (like dedicated clients). All help apriciated.
bchips	A library of widgets for use in developing apps with the TiVo Home Media Engine and its UI framework, Bananas.
bchub	BCHub stands for Borland C hub software, using the nmdc protocol. It will have Lua scripting and DLL plugins later on.
bci	libbci is an interpolation library based on the bicubic interpolation method. The precision of this method is higher than in bilinear interpolation method because it&#039;s a real 2D method.
bcimmersion	Immersion Framework Modification for Star Trek Bridge Commander. It aims to add a passable &#039;Immersive&#039; first person shooter element to the space simulator.
bciserv	BC ImageServer is a PHP/Javascript frontend for ImageMagick. It provides you with an interface for manipulating images via internet. The produced images can be inserted into your webproject via an url for the html img-tag.
bck	A program which will allow you to edit the maps and other data for the NES game Blaster Master, so long as you provide it with a ROM.
bckfnn-modules	Some small JPython modules.
bckgrnd-browser	This is a GNOME 2 program that shows the newest desktop backgrounds from different websites, such as art.gnome.org, deviantART or your own sites. You can see thumbnails and descriptions of the pictures and download or set them as your desktop background.
bcl	Basic Compression Library is a portable library of well known compression algorithms, such as Huffman coding, written in standard ANSI C. It is intended to serve as a set of building blocks for specialized compression algorithms.
bclash	Clash is a tool for making bootable Compact Flash/Mini ISO systems. Includes scripts for preparing the  image, some essential networking root filesystems, tools to help you build your own root filesystem, and documentation describing the steps involved.
bclf	BCLF is the Binary Common Log Format, a fast, platform independent, streamable, compact logging format that resembles the Extended CLF logging format in content.  The project goal is to make an Apache module and enhance the format without giving up speed
bclient	B-Client is a Windows DLL that provides internet communications protocols.  This C++ DLL supports SMTP, POP, IMAP and NNTP protocols with support for other open internet communication protocols in the future.
bcm4401	An alternative to the b44 kernel driver which actually works for the BCM4401s included with A7V8X mobos
bcm440xqnx	A driver for the Broadcom 440X series of network chipsets for the QNX Neutrino OS.
bcmslib	BCMSlib is a web user interface software that monitors the status and performance of a call center. It uses data collected in the Basic Call Management System (BCMS) on a Avaya DEFINITY System or a S8300/S8500 system.
bcnnet-lib	bcnnet-lib (barcelona complex networks library) is a library to support simulations and information analysis of complex networks. It contains a number of algorithms used in the fields of social networks, multi-agent simulation and network analysis.
bcnu	bcnu is a Web-based system management tool. Client systems can run an agent which logs alerts back to a central system. An agent scheduler is integrated to allow agents to be run at different intervals. Standard agents: ftp, http, disk space, logfile sca
bco	The Top Serious Project is a web forum (messageboard as we like to refer to it) written in PHP/MySQL with low visual impact. No avatars, no fancy table designs. What we go for with this is ability to have alot of content with less to take away from that.
bcom	Browser based office portal solution built in php. Including  CRM, product managment, point-of-sale (POS), invoicing, online ordering, page building, web based mail, organiser and more!
bcompilerparser	Make Easy Parser or Compiler very easy tool with delphi
bconfig	BConfig. A program to generate  boch-configs without the need of writing them in a texteditor.
bcore	A component object framework written in C++ that comprises a cross-platform library of component object services and a set of general purpose components. Has native support for smart pointers. Upcoming features: IDL in XML, marshalling, monikers.
bcov	bcov is a code coverage tool similar to gcov. Unlike gcov, it does not require recompiling the project for coverage. Coverage is determined by using temporary breakpoints, which causes minimal overhead. gcov produces a lcov style coverge report.
bcr	A game similar to &quot;Battle Chess&quot; with completely new GFX and Sound.
bcr2000control	BCR2000 control surface utility for use with Cakewalk Sonar
bcrcs	Bluetooth Configurable Remote Control Server This application executes commands asociates to messages strings.The messages can be send by a RFCOMM bluetooth connection.A sample cliente Bluetooth Configurable Remote Control Client(BCRCC) is also provided.
bcregionmanager	BCRegionManager is a software to support the people maintaining Bookcrossing Database.
bcrtool	A simple tool to convert sysex parameter settings of Behringer&#039;s BCR2000 Midi controller.
bcrypt	bcrypt is a lightweight blowfish file encryption utility which aims for cross-platform portability of not only the actual code, but the encrypted files as well. In addition to providing 448-bit encryption, bcrypt overwrites input files with random garbag
bcs	Business Communications Suite is a complete communications platform for efficient communications. Home of the next-generation RSS Reader FeedFusion.
bcss	The Balance Comparison Scoring System&#039;s unique measuring and reckoning structure  compares user interactions with overall schematic methods. The BCSS is a methodology that can be applied to any application for time keeping, scoring, or result manage
bcsweep	Clear the Bad Cluster List ($BadClus) for an NTFS partition. Required to be able to resize a partition with bad clusters after you move it to a new hard drive.
bcuml	BC UML is a cross-browser web application that can be used to draw UML diagrams. It is done exclusively in JavaScript + HTML (using DynAPI library).
bcusdk	BCU SDK is a C based, high level development system for creating programs for EIB/KNX BCU devices. It includes the GNU toolchain for the m68hc05 architecture (m68hc05-gcc, m68hc05-gdb, newlib). Bus access is possible using multiple methods.
bcv	Java Class and Byte Code verifier. Verifies static class file structure, external references, analyzes operand stack and local variables through byte code execution emulation. Includes CLDC standard verfication.
bcwb	Content management system with direct pages editing based on user W3C XSLT patterns representation.
bcxml	Software to accompagny the european eConstruct (www.econstruct.org) project&#039;s building&amp;construction XML (bcXML) standard.
bcy	Building A Computer By Yourself. Designing the main parts of a computer, including CPU, Mother Board, OS, Compiler and NIC. Then connect third party keyboard and monitor on the serial port of mother board so that it can be a runnable computer.
bd-container	The bd-Container is an Java implementation of OSGi framework which is an simple (well not so simple :) ) non-remote component container spec. With a little difference. Groovy is used in components to make component substitution more dynamic.
bdadev	A group of user interface projects based around Microsoft&#039;s new BDA architecture for digital TV. We will be primarily focused on DVB-T support in the UK using the Nova-T card but hope the applications will have wider application.
bdangerous	Another open sourced crypto library. Unlike Crypto++ and cryptix, we&#039;re language independent. We originate in &#039;C&#039;, add wrappers for C++ and Objective-C. When that works, we provide a JNI wrapper for Java. Following this, we seek out Python
bdate	bdate converts Gregorian dates to Badi dates. If called with no arguments, it reads the current system date and prints the corresponding date.
bday-remind	A great program to store your friend&#039;s information. Also a birthday reminder to help you remember your friends birthdays.
bdayscalendar	Gestion des jours ouvrés pour l&#039;api java Calendar.\nJava Calendar wrapper for business days.
bdb-je	Berkeley DB JE is a high performance storage engine written entirely in Java that supports full ACID transactions and recovery. It allows programmers to store and retrieve information quickly, simply and reliably.
bdb-kathir	Kathir is a tech demo of a 3d roleplaying game that hopefully will put the story back in to the genre
bdb-xtoss	MySQL script(s) to convert the Baseball-Databank.org database into an XTOSS-compliant schema, and vice versa.
bdbadapter	JCA compliant connectors for the Berkeley Database system.
bdbplusplus	BDB++ is a C++ Standard Library style API built on top of the Berkeley DB C++ API. BDB++ allows programmers to utilize Berkeley DB within the C++ Standard Library framework.
bdd-tree	produce full software package using the binary decision diagram (BDD) representation to manipulate logic maps for design optimization objectives multiplyer{like(A+B)(C)(D)}In C++ Core.C++ GUI.VB6 Verilog Modules Quin McCluskey Multi Functions Operations
bddbddb	BDD-Based Deductive Database, an implementation of Datalog that uses Binary Decision Diagrams as the underlying data structure. This allows it to represent exponentially-sized relations efficiently.
bddc	bddc is a simple bash script that keeps track of your dynamic IP-address. it offers different options to retrieve the IP and to update it at a dyndns service.
bddshell	bddshell is a command line program for deductive database-based analysis. Its primary focus is software vulnerability detection. It acts as a front-end to a number of other programs, such as bddbddb and joeq.
bde	This desktop environment is the smallest and fastest one around.  Based on a toolkit written for X in C++, it will compete with KDE and GNOME all the way!
bdgen	Bogetz Data Generator (bdgen) is a source code generator built with .NET (C#) to generate model classes for mainly C# but its extensibility offers another class generators for other languages and other back end databases as well.
bdi-chess	A CECP (glChess-, xboard-, ...- compatible) chess engine specially conceived as a study application of Belief-Desire-Intention AI Architectures.
bdiff	bdiff is a tool to create a patch that can be used to transform one binary file into another (related) binary file, similiar to what &quot;diff&quot; does with text files.
bdir	BD is a &#039;dir&#039; command&#039;s replacement for DOS. BD displays the contents of a folder in a colorful and friendly way. It shows different files using various colors, letting you see at a glance which files are executable, which are documents, d
bdisc	Bdisc - PHP Music Collector its a complete Web Based software suite, written in php, to organize music collections, with major details, such as track length, a web info page, an author web page, lyrics and much more.
bdist-nsi	bdist_nsi extends Python distutils &#039;s command to produce package installers / uninstallers using the OSI software NSIS and this way, give all the benefits of NSIS to package installers (silent install, MUI, internationalization ...)
bdl	Based on popular games (WC, BI), we aim at SIMULATE a WORLD of AUTONOMOUS AGENTS. The goal of &quot;players&quot; is then to program agents (AKA &quot;Bots&quot;), or parameter meta-simulators, and then watch them evolve.
bdlib	BD Lib is a comics collection management tool. It intent to be a serious free alternative for Mac OS X to the Windows-only proprietary BD Gest&#039;.
bdm	Developement tools and drivers for Motorola Background Debug Module (BDM) interface.
bdmn	this is simple backup client&lt;=&gt;server oriented system;\nyou put the server on the machine you want to backup;\nand the client on the machine used for storage;
bdns	Bdns is a WEB interface written in PHP to manage a BIND server. It runs on Apache/PHP/MySQL, supports BIND 8 and 9, master/slave/stub zones, zone options/global options, acls, zone delegation, and 3 levels of user accounts that manage DNS data.
bdoz	BDOZ (Bulldozer) is a Python package that extends the use of ZODB outside of Zope. BDOZ includes wrapper classes that make ZODB database applications easier to create and manage.
bdpnuke	BDPNuke is a Content Mangement System written in PHP losely based on PostNuke.  BDPNuke requires PHP 5.0 and makes use of AJAX if available for some functions.  Also, all Official BDPNuke Modules, Blocks, and Themes will generate XHTML 1.0 Strict complia
bdr	BDR (Beowulf Design Rules) is a vendor-neutral software tool that quickly evaluates millions of alternative architectures to determine the best cluster hardware design for your application requirements and budget (e.g., money, space, power consumption).
bds	Will post source by 8/15. Basic Directory Services (BDS) provides a hierarchial object structure that provides privilaged access to the objects it contains. Objects are defined according to registered schemas and have their property values persisted to d
bds2006config	Small application to select which IDE packages the BDS 2006 (Borland Developer Studio or just Delphi 2006) will load at startup and, this way, consume less memory.
bdsim	Block data conditioned simulation.
bdsm	A tenpin bowling database which is able to track the statistics of many users with a wide range of granularity.  From averages and game scores to detailed pin-fall for each frame.
bdsms	The brain damaged student management system.
bdt	The BDT (Build Development Tools) Project is working towards providing a fully functional Build Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for the Eclipse platform.
bdtk	BDT aka Beton Development ToolKit is a set of Bash scripts which controls execution of BetonBuild scritps. The BetonBuild scripts are similar to SlackBuild scripts and are very useful for building variety software packages.
bdtunnel	BoutDuTunnel is a useful software for users behind restrictive firewalls. It encapsulate network traffic into a single tunnel (HTTP BIN/SOAP,TCP). Data is scrambled to preserve anonymity. Proxy/NTLM/Socks support. Built-in HTTP Server on the server side.
bdwgc	The Boehm-Demers-Weiser conservative garbage collector. The CVS source of the version 7+ collector resides here. Other information and release snapshots are currently at http://www.hpl.hp.com/personal/Hans_Boehm/gc
bdwrap	BDwrap is a template for writing stackable block device drivers on Linux. It&#039;s clean interface hides the complexity of device handling, asynchronous calls, buffer cache interaction, etc. It is a great tool to develop stacked block drivers quickly.
be-2tha2-3	Blog entrys and shit like that
be-logos	Be-Logos is a Bible reader program for BeOS based on the SWORD Project API licensed under the GPL.
be-sem	Small enterprises managment soft., applying belgian laws, expandable to other countries. Lang. : C/C++, Client/Server arch. Based on OpenSource DBMS (mySql, in the future PostGresql), using open source libraries (wxWindows).
be-slec	The be.slec library is a collection of tools and utility classes I find useful when developing .NET applications. Feel free to pick whatever you need for your own apps. The files may or may not compile, depending on your luck.
be-your-admin	BeYourAdmin is a Debian GNU/Linux based distribution. It is preconfigured for small networks and can be installed and administered by inexperienced poeple.
be3ye	Be3ye (contraction of BeeEye) is a try to serve a video buffer composed of various cameras, in a way that every connection can attend only the area of its interest. This lets simulate various cameras with distinct liberty degrees in the same location.
be4gle	Be4gle is a web services layer for MySQL that exposes the database as a SOAP server. HTML forms and a generic JavaScript soap client are generated from XML templates enabling client side data binding and event-driven web applications (AJAX).
beachfable	beechFable is a 2d platform RPG for nintendo&#039;s handheld console, the nintendo DS. It is programmed in C++ and will be released as opensource software. We are currently looking for graphic artists willing to devote time to this on-going project.
beachsource	Beach frameworks are 100% platform independent C++ code, implementing many useful OO design patterns and general-purpose mechanisms that serve as the fundamental building blocks for applications and higher level frameworks.
beachweb	An online team sport tour manager. Originally developed for beach volleyball tours.
beacon	Beacon is a very simple date and category driven web site publishing system. It looks like a Blog, but behaves like a Wiki. This project has moved to savannah https://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/beacon/
bead	Bead Constructor is a utility for creating designs and patterns made of beads. The utility allows to create and edit patterns, to convert images to patterns, to draw maps of underlining wires. It also contains many other tools for a creator&#039;s needs.
beagle	Evolutionary Computation Framework
beagleframework	Beagle is a Java lightweight framework to fetch database entries in an optimized data structure.It can be useful in those application that need to a fast data access.It is designed around Agile Methodologies with pattern of Test Driven Development.
beaglestats	BeagleStats is a PHP based statistics generation software for Distributed.net Personal Proxy logs, and includes comprehensive statistics as well as some portal features.  It requires PHP 4, MySQL 4 and any PHP capable web server.
beaim	BeAIM is the official AIM client for BeOS.
beajmxadmin	This project is to create a monitoring environment for a WebLogic Application Server. This project will be completely writen in Java, Used as a Servlet, and Optimunized for a Large scale environment but will also be used quickly for a small envirnment.
beam-beta	A little online forum/bulletin board(bb) made in css, that is soon to be the number 1 in load times for all bb systems.
beam4ma	BEAM4MA-Business Engineering Automation Model for modeling accelerator
beamblocks	Beam Blocks is a tile-based, turn-based, deterministic puzzle game. The object of the game is to, on each level, collect a fixed number of gems and escape the level through an exit hatch, resembling in that aspect games like Boulderdash.
beamer-tool	beamer-tool shows images and commercials in an old-fashined 2D-slideshow or on a rotating cube in 3D-mode. beamer-tool can be connected to a mobile, filters incomming SMS and shows them like a chat (known as SMS2Chat), too.
beamercontrol	This software controles the display of a beamer which is connected to a computer
beamforming	This project seeks to implement basic routines in Matlab and Octave (currently using Matlab R13) for simulating adaptive beamforming and filtering for antenna arrays.
beamgoo	BeamGoo is a GUI front-end for linear accelerator particle simulation codes. It currently supports Impact-t, and is designed to be easily converted to other systems. It is built entirely in TCL, and is platform-independent.
bean	Bean is a full-featured Outliner for the PalmOS, enabling users to create and arrange ideas hierarchically and in just about every way you can imagine. Been will provide a flexible alternative to Memos, ToDo lists, and project managers in one seamless in
bean-encrypter	A sneaky encryption algorithm to hide message inside existing text
beanaction	A recursive Javabeans editor that can create objects, collections and arrays. You can create a complex object structure without write java code and serialize it.
beanary	Beanary is a Java MVC framework for building rich Swing applications based on JavaBeans data models and extended Swing components for editing text, tables and trees. It supports input validation, graphical data binding and comes with a Eclipse plugin
beanbot	BeanBot is a Java based automated IRC client developed primarily to assist a popular Java oriented support channel in menial tasks such as sifting through API documentation and testing code snippets in realtime.  BeanBot employs BeanShell technology.
beanbowl	Bean Bowl is the a fun and useful Java lab, allowing you to play around with Java classes and objects using direct manipulation techniques instead of writing long main() methods. Use it either as an application or as a GUI component framework for you own
beanbrowser	The BeanBrowser enables a world wide web constructed out of JavaBeans, saved as HTML and XML.  An interactive web is created with simplified page construction, page ownership, and tight WWW integration.
beancipher	A security abstraction placed beetwhen the data layer and the DAO layer, to manage the data encription in a transparent way for the application, and encript the application data in DB transparently.
beancomponents	Java classes developed at MERL for building and configuring component-based (Java beans) applications.
beancounter	Dynamic financial package using PHP / MySQL  / slacker
beancounting	Beancounting will develop an open source ERP system.
beandb	BeanDB intends to implement relational algebra with JavaBeans as domains and various storage engines as backends; including direct storage into a file system and RDBMS. This provides an alternative to object-relational mappings for Java developers.
beandisplaytag	Beandisplaytag is a taglib to help displaying arbitrary object properties nicely and simply in JSP pages.
beanexaminer	The BeanExaminer is a framework to present any java objects in an interactive surface to examine/edit them. The first example is to use a database through generated o/r-mapping java-classes, editing/browsing/persisting the objects through a swing surface
beanfactory	BeanFactory is a JavaBean component framework that allows software components to be configured and deployed using simple runtime deployment descriptors. It also has an integrated Model View Controller framework for building J2EE web applications.
beanfix	Beanfix is a testing framework based on JUnit 1.5 Java Beans and Ant. Writing tests focuses on composing fixtures instead of coding test class methods. Test writers are encouraged to write abstract tests first, allowing specialization by others later.
beanform	Tapestry 4.x component that eliminates the boilerplate code necessary to build a POJO edit form, using bean introspection to dynamically build these forms. Includes extra Java Persistence API (EJB3) and Hibernate Validator support for those who need it.
beangen	A simple tool to ease the generation of enterprise java beans source code and configurations for openEJB
beanhelpdesk	Helpdesk managment system written in Javascript.  Manages jobs submitted through any third party form, or logged on the phone using the system.
beanie	Beanie is a flexible, distributed open-source accounting system for medium-sized companies. It includes back-end batch processing as well as a GTK GUI. It provides automated purchases, sales and nominal ledgers as well as automated invoicing (via email).
beaniemail	BeanieMail lets you take full control of your e-mail, changing and tweaking settings never before offered in a client, and it&#039;s all free!  Make your own add-ons, change the program behavior and much more.
beanindex	BeanIndex is an inverted indexing library for Java Beans. It supports Multithreaded searching, LRU Cache for beans and indeces and hot deployment of new index data.
beaninit	BeanInit framework is extension to J2EE Web container. It creates new Java Beans for your JSP pages according to definition in configuration file using XML and SPEL.
beanlet	Inspired by EJB3 and Spring, the Beanlet specification delivers an (embeddable) IOC container offering the best of both worlds. The Beanlet architecture supports JTA transactions, JMX, the Java Persistence API, Scripting (Mustang) and Spring integration.
beanlib	Java Bean Library. Particularly handy when used with Hibernate. It allows developers to easily reuse the same pojo classes for both persistence instances and data transfer objects.
beanmaker	BeanMaker is a 100% pure Java application. It helps developer  to construct the JavaBean easy.  Developer simply it will be demanded to shape opportune xml file that it will describe the property of the JavaBean.
beanmappergen	Often we need to write code to convert a bean to another, i.e. DTO to a struts form bean or vice versa. This project will generate a java class needed to do this convertion as long as both beans contain properties with same name.
beanmill	BeanMill is a free open sourced JMX (MBean) Console. The goal is to provide a fully functional plugin for Eclipse 3.x and a RCP installment. Major features: Multiple servers, Notification logging, Attribute charting, Monitor wizards.
beanmud	BeanMUD is a Windows-based MUD server written in Microsoft Visual C++.
beans	BEANS is a PHP/MySQL-based system for developing community aggregator web sites, including RSS and Atom feeds.
beanshell	BeanShell is a small, free, embeddable, Java source interpreter with object scripting language features, written in Java. BeanShell executes standard Java statements and expressions, in addition to obvious scripting commands and syntax.
beansman	Beans is a personal financial manager that&#039;s written in Java and uses a PostgreSQL database for its database back-end storage.
beansource	An alternate XML Transformer source that allows xslt transformations that use a plain Java Bean as the source. Allowing for generation of dynamic html directly from the data model using a stylesheet, removing the need for any jsp coding.
beanthinger	BeanThinger is an automatic Java bean and C# bean generator.  It is capable of creating beans for both Java and C# and is written in a way that other languages can be easily incorporated.  I missed my beans in C# :)
beanunit	BeanUnit is an extension of JUnit.  In BeanUnit, JUnit TestCases are exposed as JavaBeans to be configured in a Graphical User Unterface.  This allows developers to continue writing JUnit TestCases as before, but lets others execute these tests elsewhere
beanvalidator	BeanValidator is a framework for declarative validation of Java(TM) Beans and EJB3 POJOs that integrates can be used standalone or together with JSF and and JBoss(TM) Seam.
beanview	BeanView is a Java library for seamlessly rendering a JavaBean to a form and back. It includes a specification for the model and also implementation[s] for Swing and Echo 2.0.
beanxmlmapping	This project brings implementations of BeanXMLMapping interface based in existing Java/XML parser solutions. The offered BeanXMLMapping components provide straightforward ways to convert a JavaBean to its XML document representation and vice versa.
bear	A tool for studying Bers slices and complex projective structures on punctured tori.
bear-php	BearPHP is in re-planning stages. Development should begin soon!
bearcms	Bear is a personal content management and publishing system.  Unlike most CMSs, bear doesn&#039;t require a server application.  The system puts all logic at the client (currently a Perl script), and uses a combination of Markdown and custom tags.
beargroupware	A groupware/webhosting control panel for maneging an on line company.
bearichman	BeARichMan is a Multylingual (russian and english yet) economy simulation game for one player. \nThe main goal is to earh a million per day total income. \nRequires NET 2 runtime.
bearide	pygtk Based IDE for developing gtk GUI&#039;s in C and Python.
bearings	bearings provides you with the tools to take your career development into your own hands.  Match your competencies with the requirements of the job you want - we&#039;ll help on how to bridge the gap.
bearjangler	Bearjangler is a front end client for the website bear411.com, designed to provide users an unfettered interface to the site, and perhaps reduce bandwidth requirements.
bearmap	Mobile map viewer for cgpsmapper.com (Garmin) map format. The main goal is high usability.
bearsui	The objective of this project is to provide nice look and feel for Java Applets running on current browsers without the support of Java 2. All components are based on AWT, but they are written by taking the Swing as a reference.
bearsync	Plugin for WDBearManager - Synchronize your database with others - LAN or WAN supported - See www.wdbmanager.de.gg -- This place contains various plugins for the WDBearManager - read release notes!
beast	Beast is a toolkit for administrating various features and services on a Unix system.  This toolkit is a web-based service, meaning is uses Apache/PHP4.  Beast is a great alternative for administrating your server if you don&#039;t have access to SSH or 
beast-framework	beast is a open source network security testing framework
beastcms	the BeastCMS, php-based content management system.\nSimplicity, scalability.
beastieworker	BeastieWorker is 3D sokoban-like game
beasts	This website is in itself a project for developing a php-based community system, similar to but more extensive than phpBB.  It will allow multiple users to set up profiles, galleries, forums, and more using php and MySQL.
beasy	bEasy lets you use the same set of bookmarks from any machine by storing them on the server.  Lightweight and fast, bEasy is meant to be as easy to install and run as possible.
beatbox	Beatbox is a cross platform application written in Python and using the wxPython widget library. It was created out of necessity, I had all my DJ tracks burned on CDs in no real order, so I&#039;ve decided to write this app to help me easily find which t
beatexpander	An infrastructure for autocomposing music, written in Java.  It includes some prebuilt &quot;MusicLines&quot; (generators of music).  The code has a strong emphasis on using multiple beats simultaneously, ie 3/4 timing and 7/8 timing.
beatit	A virtual synthesizer. Also contains a beat box tool, modulation tool (to make the sound less perfect, more real), stream to disk recording, real-time effects and response. Allows you to associate samples with keys and then tap out a beat.
beatman	This proyect provides a GNU/Linux solution for managing the Freecom (www.freecom.com) Beatman Flash MP3 Player. This is a user-space C application for uploading, downloading, etc. music files to the player.
beaufop	beauFOP is aimed at fulfilling the incomplete aspects of FOP available under xml.apache.org. The proposed enhancements include auto table layout functionality primarily but may include othr enhancements later on.
beautifier	Beautifier highlights and indents source code using highlight configuration files (which are similar to Ultraedit highlighting files). Beautifier handles line/block comments, keyword highlighting, correct indentation, and string highlighting. More advanc
beautiful-jade	Beautiful Jade is a combined set of productivity/groupware style apps written in PHP. The set included Cloubdreak(to do list/task list), Winky Pop(Contacts/Addressbook), Pipeline(linear calendar), and Shipsterns Bluff(Asset manager/tracker).
beautifyphp	This program tries to reformat and beautify PHP source code files automatically. It can convert your documents using different coding standards like PEAR, JAVA or C and has an easy to use web frontend. For download, bugs report and features request, go t
beauty-hair-mng	[fr] Logiciel LibertyLook de gestion de salons de Coiffure et d&#039;Instituts de Beauté basé sur les sources d&#039;InCrEG. [en] LibertyLook is a management software for Hairdressers and Beauty salons based on InCrEG sources.
beaver	Beaver is a LALR compiler compiler for Java that uses several techniques to generate very fast parsers - possibly as fast as LALR parsers can get.
beaverbin	BeaverBin is a single or multi-user publishing site for incomplete, in-development, or random flash movies, complete with a control panel for administrators and template based for easy integration.
beaverbrothers	It is a funny game for Pocket PC and PC. it is about two beavers they need to collect blocks
beaverbyte	Local and Network Filesystem Benchmark and Data Integrity Tester
beaverconnect	Direct Connect client written in C# and .Net 2.0 managed code.
beaverdesk	Apache Cocoon applications available are 1. a small shop 2. a drill-down directory 3. Helpdesk 4.DynaShop. Visit http://beaverdesk.sourceforge.net/
beaverlibrary	Beaver project is a Distributed Ontology Library with a P2P architecture. The purpose is to create a platform in wich Knowledge Engineers, and other interested persons, can share ontologies and make distributed queries over the local and remote ontologie
beaveros	POSIX compatible microkernel
bebocd	Cdplayer based on GTK2 and libcdaudio libraries.
bebop	Bebop is a simple yet powerful Java-based Model-View-Controller (MVC) framework.  Unlike other MVC frameworks, Bebop supports both standalone and distributed applications, and a variety of UIs (command-line, Swing, web-based UIs, etc.).
bebopa	Bookmark management application written in PHP that uses multiple categories instead of folders. Design for those who like to save every bookmark nugget for when the time comes.
bebot	This software will run on Java Enabled cellphones like Nokia 6600 and also PDAs. The goal of this project is to create a software that is capable of carrying a natural conversation and is able to learn from the conversation.
beboxmp3	BeBoxMP can be used in your car or at home with your TV, in a HTPC. The project aims to stay ligtht &amp; fast, simple to install and setup (&quot;unzip and go&quot;). Special Tools can also be found here for BMW Cars with IBUS (look at IbusComm for BeBo
bec	This is a set of native Delphi VCL Components original written by Breuer Elektronik. We have decided to make them open source now.
becape	Becape is a open source backup tool aimed to personal/desktop usage. It does incrementall backups and stores the backup info in a sqlite database allowing to restore the exact state of the backed files at a choosen date.
beck	Beck maps between XML and Java objects.  It constructs Java objects from an XML document, or generates an XML document from Java objects.  The mapping is configurable (via XML) and customizable (in Java).
beckon	Beckon is a Python Tkinter based editor with text-to-speech output aimed at the visually impaired user who can touch-type but would prefer voice feedback.  It leverages the WIN32/SAPI environment and the pyTTS text to speech module.
becky	Becky is a backup suite for Linux (and other Unices) that supports Unix and Windows clients. Backups are kept on large disk arrays where they can be accessed directly, traditional archives may also be written to tape or DVD.
become	Become is a unix pre-shell tool to enable portibility of your environment and commands. It is designed for users without NFS home directories and/or those who regularly need to switch user accounts.
becontent	BeContent is a model-driven framework for the development of data-intensive web applications. Specifications are given as a collection of specialized classes constituting a Domain-Specific Modeling Language (DSML), whose implementation is a virtual machi
becover	BeCover is a Java code coverage tool based on source-code analysis. The main goal is to keep it small and fast, so using it as a plugin in the common IDE&#039;s can be achieved.
becpia	VLSI Vision CPiA kernel driver &amp; mediakit addon (for BeOS 4.5).
becvsgui	CVS is the Concurrent Versions System, the dominant open-source network-transparent version control system. This project is designed to first create a GUI wrapper for the BeOS version and then next to integrate it into a complete application.
bed	BED is a console-based, cross-platform source code editor and development environment built on the Eiffel Console Vision interface library, a clone of Borland&#039;s Turbo Vision library.
bedc	BeDC is a peer to peer file sharing client for BeOS compatible with the Direct Connect protocol. It&#039;s released under the BSD license.
bedebug	DebugMonitor provides a simple API to allow BeOS applications to display their state and progress on a separate monitor application. This means you can watch what is going on in your application as it is running.
bediary	The BE-Calculator is a Java application, written to ease the average diabetic&#039;s life. It currently only calculates how many I.U. you have to inject, but aims at providing a full, multilingual diabetic&#039;s diary.
bedic	Library for searching in dictionaries, applications that use the library and dictionary files.
bedlam	This project finds and renders in SVG a solution to the Bedlam cube puzzle
bedok	Full replacement userland documentation for the BeOS R5 and its compatibles.
bedrijvengids	De bedrijvengids 2002 is een ideale gids waar alle bedrijven van nederland in staan. U kunt zoeken op naam, en vestigingsplaats.
bedrivers	BeDrivers - The place for Drivers for BeOS/Haiku/Zeta.
bedrock	IRC Services using the Undernet P10 protocol and a MySQL Database
bee	The BEE Project is a suite of tools supporting Business Intelligence project implementation including ETL tool and OLAP server and a thin client. The ROLAP server ensures multipass SQL generation and powerful cache management (utilizes MySQL RDBMS).
beebasic	BeeBasic is an embeddabe and extensible Basic interpreter designed for Windows GUI environment. With BeeBasic you can call your application\\&#039;s functions and manipulate your application\\&#039;s objects from script.
beebb	A python web forum / bulletin board application.
beebee-copier	BeeBee Copier is being designed to allow users to create flawless backups of common, and important files. Pictures, Movies, Spreadsheets, Documents, and many more. It will include multiple views for selecting information, and for transferring info.
beeblebox	A framework for developing PHP applications, designed to be able to use a variety of templating engines, including Smarty.
beeblebrox	Beeblebrox is a GUI partition/disk editor for Windows and Linux.
beeblebudget	A budget planning tool.
beecrypt	BeeCrypt is an ongoing project to provide a strong and fast cryptography toolkit. Includes entropy sources, random generators, block ciphers, hash functions, message authentication codes, multiprecision integer routines, and public key primitives.
beef	Beef is an RSS news aggregation tool for the GNOME desktop. It provides a daemonized process to do updates in the background and alerts you of new news, so that you can read the news you want to see.
beef-framework	BeeF is a Framework to build web project with PHP and MySQL.
beefer	Beefer is a multithreaded downloader and web page ripper in the spirit of URLToys. It has multiple download queues, each with its own priorities and automatic actions which download, extract links or images, and/or feed other queues.
beefsuite	BEEF-CMS is a website back-end framework that makes the editing and development processes as painless as possible for new web developers. Users can assign nicknames to files in a set directory, and pull &amp; edit them easily.
beegle	Beegle is a sleek, secure and extensible CMS. Unlike some other CMS, the content is focused, not the modules.
beegram	The BeeGram library is a portable open source search engine toolkit written in C. BeeGram provides a number of building blocks for the construction of powerful general-purpose text-based search tools.
beehive	This project provides any POSIX operating system with Windows NT registry editing. This is a collection of programs, script modules and APIs to allow editing, repair and optimization of roaming profiles (NTUSER.DAT) and other NT hive (registry) files.
beehiveforum	PHP/MySQL Discussion Forum with frames-based layout, reply-to-user, e-mail notification, HTML-posting, signatures, friends &amp; killfiles, user promotion/demotion and full admin tools.
beehiveware	Client-server modular java-based groupware with open API for adding modules (grouplets).
beehplayer	Beeh! Player is a GUI for BeOS port of mplayer.
beej	BEEJ is a Boolean Expression Editor for Java.  This library provides a GUI interface to build complex (or simple) expressions with your options as a base component.
beejnaagri	This is a proposal of a Unicode Transformation Format(UTF) for Indic scripts in a natural way rather than the currently used encoding schemes, viz, UTF-8 and UTF-16. Beeju8 demonstrates conversion between Beejnaagri and UTF-8.
beekeeping	BeeKeeping is a apiarian management software.
beeland	Beeland is a multiple intelligent agent simulation based on the life of social bees.
beemail	BeeMail is a PHP based web mailer. It works with PHP c-client extension. It render pages in XHTML, support MIME, vCard, message templates, i18n, additional themes and much more ...
beenerator	Templatesystem for Javaprogrammers
beeos	BeeOS: A multitasking RTOS for the MC68HC12 MCU
beep	Wireless telecommunication framework based on Jabber protocol, targeting JME (known before as J2ME) enabled devices.
beep-module	A patch and kernel module for Linux 2.6 kernels to allow you to replace the circa-1970s PC speaker console beep with a userspace action of your choice.
beep-tunnel	In the world of Intrusion Detection there is a need for a common message format and transport protocol.  This allows for the \\&#039;easy\\&#039; correlation, display, and long term storage of intrusion information.  Recent projects have focused on various
beep4j	beep4j is an open source implementation of the BEEP protocol (RFC 3080 and RFC 3081)
beepage	A Unix-based, Internet-aware text paging system that implements the Telocator Alphanumeric Protocol (TAP).Alphanumeric Protocol (TAP).
beepbuilders	A project to collect test definitions, test results, and test code for interoperability tests between various BEEP (RFC3080 &amp; RFC3081) implementations. This is an effort of the beepbuilders group (see http://lists.beepcore.org/mailman/listinfo/beepbu
beepcore-c	P2P application protocol framework (RFC3080, RFC3081) for connection-oriented, async request/response messages. Allows multiplexing of message streams over one transport connection. Supports binary and textual messages, TLS, SASL/Anonymous, SASL/OTP.
beepcore-java	P2P application protocol framework (RFC3080, RFC3081) for connection-oriented, async request/response messages. Allows multiplexing of message streams over one transport connection. Supports binary and textual messages, TLS, SASL/Anonymous, SASL/OTP.
beepcore-net	BEEPCore.NET is a C# library implementing the BEEP protocol and its TCP bindings, as defined in RFC 3080 and RFC 3081. The initial code is a translation of beepcore-java.
beepcore-ruby	An implementation of the Blocks Extensible Exchange Protocol, or BEEP  (RFC 3080), in the Ruby programming language. The implementation intends to reach a feature parity level with other representative BEEP implementations in Java and Tcl.
beepcore-tcl	P2P application protocol framework (RFC3080, RFC3081) for connection-oriented, async request/response messages. Allows multiplexing of message streams over one transport connection. Supports binary and textual messages, TLS, and SASL.
beepd	beepd daemon and kernel module. Performs user-defined action instead of isa pcspkr beepin.
beeping	A network monitoring utility that will record pings in a flat file, and alarm if it can&#039;t ping any longer. Very useful in monitoring VPN tunnels across faulty internet connections.
beepmp	BMP Is a versatile and handy multi platform media player
beepy	An implementation of the Blocks Extensible Exchange Protocol (BEEP) as a Python library.
beer	&quot;Better Extension for RPM&quot; is a buildroot installation tool compatible with YUM written in C. It is fast and system resources friendly. The main audience are users, developers or administrators of Red Hat/Fedora Core Linux operating systems.
beercrafter	BeerCrafter is a community beer brewing and recipe management system. It provides craft brewers (homebrewers) with tools such as calculators, session management and recipe management.
beergame	The program implements John Koza&#039;s basic formulation of a genetic program. The application of the GP is John Sterman&#039;s beer game. The program is written in LISP, and executes in GNU clisp. I have run it successfully on both Linux and Windows.
beerwiz	Beer Wizard is the possibly temporary title for a piece of software being developed for members of the Craft Beer community.
beescript	Bee script is a scripting language for the Java platform. It is based on the BeanShell scripting language but it provides better tools for functional programming.
beesnest	Beesnest is an experiment to build a small and simple, personal application server. My concept is that most of the applications that run on a home computer, should be web applications, and will be served from one application server. See project web-site.
beeswax	Beeswax is based on Lotus Agenda with vi keybindings in a curses user interface. It aims to recreate Agenda&#039;s efficient keyboard-based info management in a clutter-free UI. It stores information in XML and views/reports are easily defined using XSLT
beetle	????????????????
beetleflow	Java Workflow engine
beetlestatsutil	BeetleStatsUtil is a Perl script that reads the file, BeetleStats.dat, (generated from BeetleFart&#039;s Minimum Admin mod for Counter-Strike:Source), and prints player rankings in html table format, suitable for use on a web page.
beetopvsaddin	BeeTop VSAddins collection is a set of Visual Studio Addins that accelerate Visual C++ development. It includes WTLHelper and WorkspaceWhiz (source only so far). And more addins, include TopShellCommand, TopCxxLogger and TopCppUnit are on the way.
beetroot	Beetroot is a home/family groupware system to simplify common day tasks.
beex	BeeX is a multi media library, it enclose most useful multimedia operation. The graphic, music and video functions are its major function. The library is developed in C/C++, running in Linux System.
beez	PROJECT STOPPED. Vector-graphics editor/animator (Delphi, under GPL) that will generate flash-like web-animations as W3C&#039;s SVG.
beezle	Beezle is a build tool for Java. It&#039;s similar to ant, but a build system is defined in terms of Java files, not XML files.
befairshare	Putting limits on copying is the artificial creation of scarcity, a business model of the past. The BeFairShare-project tries to implement an alternative. Donate to creators and be rewarded for both advertising and patronaging the ones worth it.
before	Before or B4 is a pre-processor written in java and aims to become a fully functional pre-processor. It can be used with any programming language.
befound	A sophisticated ?ber-person-database written in PHP, Python and PostgreSQL, with integration into mutt and procmail. May also be used for reminding users of coming birthdays.
befpc	An initiative to support and extend the Free Pascal compiler on the BeOS, and create a objects library to allow the creation of graphical user applications.
befree	BeOS API and desktop ontop the Linux kernel.
befs-driver	A GPLd implementation of the native filesystem of Be, inc&#039;s BeOS (BeFS). Consists of a filesystem driver for Linux (and possibly others later).
begadu	Open source, graphical client for G*adu-G*adu IM for BeOS
begback	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
begg	BEGG : Build Early for Good Growth. Put off the commit (cvs, svn ...) after good compilation.
begin-rmt	apliaction for industry information
begin2	A shareware game called begin was released in 1984: a tactical starship game with a good AI and fair rules (the computer had no advantage)\nI&#039;ve hacked assembly code to make it a multiplayer game, so that folk can challenge each other rather than the
beginer-asp	Jenny ASP learning site is an ASP (Active Server Pages) application that provide a web-base interface for every ASP beginner. The project main function have basic moduals, advance moduals. The best browser is used internet explorer.
beginner-chines	A program meant to help students begin learning topics in Mandarin Chinese, such as pinyin, pronunciation, grammar, vocabulary, and culture. Idea based on Euroasiasoftware&#039;s free &quot;Chinese For Beginners&quot;.
beginotes	This project targets to propose an alternative solution to the commercial software EndNote with some additional abilities like mailing support but also others.
begmon	BegMon, Begging Monster is a framework written in PHP5 and higher. The framework will be configured via XML/DB.\nBegMon will include many base classes for modules aso.
behan	The place for algorithms, scripts, and open discussion of the issues of traffic behaviour statistical analysis. Aberrant Behavior Detection. Holt-Winters forecasting. RRDtool.
behaviourallab	The goal of the project is to provide a set of tool for behavioural analysis. One of the main problem is quantification of behaviour, this project is made to answer to this problem.
behemot	A graphics program which allows to model and render 3D objects and scenes.
behemoth	Behemoth is a project of 2d graphic framework created to allow easy game developpement on Linux.
behexed	Gameplay is similar to Bejewelled(tm), but using a hex rather than a square grid for more scoring options. Unique multi-swap moves. Theme-able (with 6 bundled themes). New themes are easy to create and share. Complete manual. Requires Python and Pygame.
behindfirewall	This program allows you to connect to your work computer that is situated behind the firewall from home computer that can also be behind the firewall and get access to the work network
behindlight	A software to control a scanning ion conductance microscope, set up as described in http://www.blackwell-synergy.com/doi/abs/10.1046/j.1365-2818.2003.01248.x
beholder	The subject of this project is development of the Intrusion Detection System (IDS) with Artificial Neural Network (ANN). This model will allow the implementation of a system capable to analyze and to identify possible intrusions, based on the method of a
beholder-engine	An XML Based Engine to make WEB Application web minimal programing
beholdsearch	Behold Image Search is a search engine framework for textual retrieval from very large collections of unlabelled images using low-level visual features.
behsp	beHSP stands for be Hosting Solutions Provider &quot;be Hosting Provider&quot;, it&#039;s a distribuited software to manage datacenter ala &quot;Plesk&quot;. It consists of two daemon and a web control panel to manage the hosts. It support Reseller, Clie
behzsi	&quot;Behz Security Image&quot; is a PHP class for generating random security images.
beigetower	A Perl application server environment for the web, command line, and daemon environments.
beikolio	Beikolio is a tile-based engine intended for use in the creation of RPGs. This project includes easy-to-use tools for the creation of game content which is further customizable by scripting. This project also includes a complete game using the engine.
beipplugins	BeipMU is a small, fast, and powerful Windows MU* client. We&#039;ll be making plugins to extend it&#039;s power and support, starting with MCP support to take advantage of features introduced by Revar with the FuzzBall6 Project also on SourceForge.
bejug	The Belgian Java Users Group is developing a J2EE based portal for its members. This project is meant to be a repository for all source-code custom created for this portal, it can include specific portlets, fat or thin-client and applications, all provid
bekaffe	Porting of the Kaffe (www.kaffe.org) Java runtime to BeOS
belandi	Web frontend to request songs from icecast/ices streams.
belegost	Belegost is an weblog system based in Ruby on Rails technology. We want to be faithful to three principles: easy to use; more secure and stable; and hot updates. With an easy interface, install and configuration.
belgeler	Belgelendirme Çal??ma Grubu, Linux ile ilgili olarak, NASIL, k?lavuz ve bilgi sayfalar? ile yard?m belgelerinin çevrilmesi, yeni belgelerin haz?rlanmas?, eski belgelerin ar?ivlenmesiyle ilgilenir.
belgianbrewer	Belgian Brewer is a webbased multiplayer game. Players build up beerimperiums. They can buy a pub and other cool building and buy beer for that pub. If you&#039;re a good manager you&#039;ll become very rich. But keep an eye on your concurrents.
belgravia	A network topology mapping program that guesses routing tables. This has not been officially released or anything but you can download a simple version on the project homepage if you are interested (edit the makefile)!
beline	This project is information &amp; diagnostic &amp; tune utility for HW.
belisama	Our goal is to create a small and easy to install  linux distribution (based on mandrake) to play video content from CDROM automaticly. No specific linux knowledge and no specifique hardware will be require to use Belisama.
belisarius	Belisarius is a Qt-based application to track vandalism on Wikipedia and other Wikimedia projects. It aims to be fast and lightweight. It features an advanced filtering system and multiple feeds parsing.
belkin-extract	A Log Extraction Utility for owners of the Belkin 4-Port Cable/DSL Gateway Router (Model F5230).
bella	The Bella Operating System aims to use currently available source code as a bootstrap to create a new &quot;Media Operating System&quot; primarily aimed at mid to upperlevel emebbed devices, such as Set Top Boxes and Pocket PCs.
bella-mail	Email client (to be) written in C# and GTK# (primarily intended for Gnome, but cross platform though). Bella stores emails as individual .eml-files.
bellaalbum	bellaAlbum is a ColdFusion application that allows you to build highly customizable web albums starting from an images directory on your server. It creates automatically the thumbnails and navigation pages, using file names as a description.
bellabor	This will become a suite of modules which can be useful for the application of certain formulas in Belgian Labor Law : Schaal Claeys, Schaal Walckiers... Will become GUI based. Programmed in IBasic.
bellaphotokiosk	BellazPhotoKiosK is an OPENGL based program that allows the user to download the files from a solid mass-storage unit (ex. usb pens , digital cameras)to a pc, choose them, and finally burn them into a cd.
bellatrix	An MMORPG effort
belle	Belle is a generic higher order theorem prover in the style of Isabelle.
bells	Build an inventory control environment for the lab side door loans department to track equipment movements.  Connect x86 Linux boxes to a database accessible through the web (MySQL) with loans initiated from bar code scanning.  Provide facilities for PDA
bellum	Bellum it&#039;s a turn based strategy game that reconstitutes many historic battles.
belogin	This is the BeLogin project, which aims to provide a simple authorization mechanism to BeOS.
belot	This project aims to produce a java version of the Bulgarian card game Belot
belote	A distributed online implementation of the popular trick-based card game belote. The particular variation of this implementation of the game is known as belote-bridge and is particularly popular in France and Cyprus.
belters	&#039;Belters&#039; is an on-line/multi-player roleplaying game/simulator
belts	The Basic E-Learning Tool Set provides a basic set of tools for using and managing learning objects. Users can search and discover content, and set up classes (groups of users) and lessons (sequences of learning objects) for others to interact with.
belzebub	Belzebub is a tool for searching for files on all your removable media disks (e.g. CD&#039;s, ZIP disks or backup tapes). The search is based on a SQL database (Postgres, sqlite, mssql are planned in the future).
bemaildaemon	Replacement for the BeOS mail daemon that is multi-threaded, multi-protocol, multi-account, and multiply cool.
bemdb	bemDB - A group health insurance benefit and enrollment database that strives to be HIPAA 834 compliant.
bemhelper	Bemessungs- und Konstruktionshilfe für Stahlbetonbauteile aus Normalbeton nach DIN 1045-1:2001-07
beminate	A juggling pattern animator for patterns described using the beatmap language.
bemoron	Email client collecting IMAP, POP and SMTP protocols allowing comfortable message sorting including virtual folders.
bemtevi	this project will develop a base system framework to support many business type modules.
bemused	Bemused is a system which allows you to control your music collection and more from your phone, using Bluetooth. It requires a Nokia 7650/3650,  SE P800/P900, or Siemens SX-1, and a PC with a Bluetooth adapter. KDE/Mac/PalmOS apps separately available.
bemused-se	This is a enhanced port of the bemused project to work with Sony Ericsson Java phones.
bemusedaemon	Bemusedaemon is a server for Bemused remote controller. It controls music player(s) on the server machine according to controlling commands received from the client over Bluetooth or TCP/IP connection.
benbu	Learn Japanese by playing a variety of games
bench	This project aims to provide tools for benchmarking the performance of various releases of Linux when running interactive applications, especially graphical applications.
benchathlon	The Benchathlon is an international open initiative of researchers to build a common benchmark for content-based image retrieval systems
benchio	benchIO is a multi-platform multi-function benchmark for I/O subsystems. It&#039;s written in ANSI C compatible with the POSIX standard
benchmark-timer	A Perl module for benchmarking code. It supports timing of multiple portions of code, repeated trials, and timing until confidence intervals are met.
benchmarksql	An easy to use JDBC benchmark that closely resembles the TPC-C standard for OLTP. DB&#039;s supported include EnterpriseDB, PostgreSQL, Oracle, Sybase, SQLSvr, MySQL, HsqlDB, Derby/JavaDB &amp; FireBird. DARE TO COMPARE!!
benchpplinux	Bench ++ for Linux was initially a port of Bench ++ to Linux, but now it.s more than that as we.re developing it. Bench ++ is a suite of C++ benchmarks based on the Ada PIWG suite.
benchw	Benchw provides a toolset to benchmark the capabilities of several different database engines for data warehouse type activities. It is designed to provide a simple way to test data loading, index creation plus query performance in the spirit of TPC-H
benchy	A benchmarking framework for conducting various kinds of performance tests on programs, collecting performance measurements, and presenting the results in different views. The framework should become generic and applicable to differents types of programs
bencode-csharp	This project is intended as a stepping stone to bring a BitTorrent application environment to the .NET platform.  The code in this project is intended for use in both Mono and M$ .NET Framework distributions.
bencoder	CLI Audio/Video Automated Encoder/Re-Encoder, Commercial Removal Tool and MPEG-TS Repair Tool.  Final output as x264, xvid, divx, mpeg1/2, etc.
bend	bend is a DVD batch encoding daemon, a shell script to rip, queue, and encode DVDs to Matroska files with chapter support.
benderscalendar	Benders Calendar is a Calendar-System written in PHP. It has the possibility to add events to a specific date, and it uses MySQL Tables as a Backend. It is possible to change language and look.
bendig-erp	This simple erp targets the small business longing for a easy to use application. Will include modules that handle client relationships, accounting, production, HR, administration, inventory, point of sales, among others. Platform Independent &gt; Java.
benecastwintrow	Continuation of BeneCast, a WoW-addon by Skurel. Allows fast and easy casting of spells through buttonbars attached to Unit Frames. Bugfixed and expanded.
benedetto	Benedetto provides a catalog system for libraries. It has a GUI for registration of media, searching and printing of data.
benedict	A dictionary with a lot of benefits. Command-line, Ncurses and GTK interfaces are provided.
benefit	BeneFIT makes editing FitNesse pages easy.
benel	Beneath Enemy Lines is a &quot;total time submarine simulator.&quot;  Real time to the max, Beneath Enemy Lines simulates the joys and demands of submaine life, scouring the oceans for days in search of adversary subs and surface vessels and reaching dis
benepat	Portable operating system and networking pattens in C++
beng	An open source, cross platform, 3D Graphics Simulation Engine written in C++ using SDL and OpenGL. It loads in v.30 BSP files from Half-Life.
bengalinux	Quite some work has been going on all around the world to support Bengali on Linux. This is an effort to bring all of it, or as much as possible, together in one place.
bengaliwriter	`Bengali Writer&#039; is a set of utilities for computerized editing and typesetting in Bengali, a language of India and Bangladesh. It comprises a set of fonts for Bengali in several formats (METAFONT, BDF, PS), a text editor with spell-cheking, export 
bengine	bEngine is an open source OpenGL-based multiplatform graphics engine.
benjo	Benjo is a graphic library built on top of the Java Swing library. It extedends pre-existing graphic widgets adding new funcitonalities and introduces completely new elements not present in the Swing library.
benjoomla	Bengali/Bangla (BD) Joomla!. This site hosts a demo of Joomla CMS translated into Bengali/Bangla (BD). Latest version of Joomla! and langugae packs are available for download. http://www.joomla-bd.org
benmail	BenMail is simple and fast Python/Qt based email client. Features multi-languge support, MIME attachments, multiple accounts, threading. It is thought to be very extensible.
bennet	A GUI-based learning environment for neural networks
bennu	An object-oriented library written in PHP that allows reading and writing iCalendar files. It is easy to use, fully standards compliant, and powerful. Intended audience: application developers who want to support iCalendar (RFC-2445, iCal).
benscript	BenScript is a free interpreter for the BenScript language. It can be used as a standalone interpreter or as a library to add an interpreter engine to your software.
bensimpblog	BenSimpBlog tries to simplify blogging with a simple PHP based system, storing everything in plain text files using css for design. It is fully css compliant and altough simple, posesses a strong user authentication system.
bensphpbbcms	CMS:phpBB is no longer under active development. Development has for a while been progressing on Multi-CMS - an independant content management system but with the option of integrating with systems such as phpBB. http://sourceforge.net/projects/multi-cms
benspicgallery	A picture album gallery, that makes it easy to display photos and video from a digital camera on a web site. A single PHP file, no database, automatic thumbnail creation &amp; rotation, FLV video playing, load balancing, and a shopping cart to sell photo
benstep	Quick launch tool bar for Windows
bent	This project aims to build two device driver. The first one will be an NTFS file system driver for BeOS/Zeta, the second will be a BeFS file system driver for NT systems (WinNT 4, Win2000, WinXP, Win2003). Both drivers will have full read/write support.
bentfx	BentFX is a flexible, easy to use 3D polygon subdivision editor. It provides a solid base set of modelling functions, plus a programmable API for extending the functionality through plugins.
benthic	Benthic IRCd&#039;s main features are web-based administration, and is optimized for use with SRVX (www.srvx.net) IRC services. The web based administration allows remote stops, starts, rehashes, restarts, configuration editing, and more. Benthic IRCd is
bento4	Portable C++ Class Library for parsing and creating ISO MP4 (ISO 14496-12, 14496-14 and 14496-15) multimedia files containing MPEG-4 or other types of multimedia streams, such as iTunes .mp4 or other quicktime files.
benv	This project will be combine apache2, php, mysql, vpopmail, busybox and some other tools to an very secured hosting and working system. Apache2 and all SSH processes will be running in an full working chroot environment.
benzine	DSSSL engine in Scheme. With a Scheme compiler like Bigloo, you can compile a DSSSL stylesheet into a fast executable program or library which can be used to transform or format XML documents very quickly.
benzo	Benzo is a pseudo-AI IRC bot written in Python.  In addition to providing humorous chatter, he also performs basic IRC channel maintenance functions.
beo	The goal of this project is to create an open source space MMORPG. If you are interested in joining the team stop by our irc channel #BEO at server irc.solsoftware.org
beobachter	Beobachter is a file monitor, usually used to watch at log files. It has a Java Swing interface that allow us to customize the highlighting of the logs depending of the log type. Very simple, multi-platform, fast and practical tool.
beontime	A java based time-table creator / manager.
beos-idedriver	An open-source BeOS driver project to add support to newer IDE controllers to this great operating system.
beosdeved	This is the free Developer Edition of BeOS 5 PE with updated drivers &amp; Software. The Developers are the most important people we needed for the success of BeOS and later OpenBeOS.
beosimkit	The BeOS Instant Messaging Kit project aims to create a BeOS-centric, generic instant messaging servuice for workstations. The system will follow the BeOS kits/servers model, and different IM protocols will be supported through add-ons to the im_server,
beospppoe	PPPoE and pptp client for BeOS under old-fashionded networking. PPPoE final, pptp in development.
beowulf-cenat	CENAT in Costa Rica is enforcing the use of clustering techniques to aid scientific development. beowulf-cenat is the first step towards the implementation of cluster tools, documentation and standards for CR, including Grid on a later stage.
beowulf-rpg	A 2D java based rpg that is loosely based on the story of Beowulf
beozip	BeoZip is a Java application that backs up data into ZIP files while also providing additional archiving utilities. This program uses the Java APIs for reading and writing ZIP files.
bepdf	This is a PDF reader for the Be Operating System (BeOS). BePDF is based on xpdf 3.0. It handles PDF files up to PDF version 1.5 (Acrobat Reader 6.0).
bepro	bepro graphically visualizes profilingdata from external profilingtools (gcov, gprof,...) mapping the given values to colors. It gives you a quick overview onto your code from a &quot;birds-eye-view&quot;. bepro is similar to &quot;Tarantula&quot;.
bepythoncomp	The Python scripting language provides the ability to fairly easily and quickly develop applications and to control existing applications. The Be Python Components is a collection of Python modules which provide access to the underlying BeOS API.
beq	Bandwidth Equalizer is a easy to use application for better manage your network resources in a LAN or ADSL at home. It&#039;s graphical and uses Linux 2.4/2.6 Quality of Service, altq support is planned.
ber	BLAST-Extend-Repraze (BER) is a package for identifying potential frameshifts or point mutations in a given open reading frame (ORF).
beraber	This project aims to deliver a team based web application for managing software development for virtual teams considering the variable nature of their constraints and needs.
beradiant	Radiant is a distribution based on Haiku (formely OpenBeOS) and a new package management system inspired on Debian&#039;s dpkg and Red Hat&#039;s rpm. Our main goal is to provide a good, and free(libre), BeOS distribution suitable for office, media and h
berbible	Easy to use Bible s/w for children/missionaries/non-techies who have obsolete Lowest Common Denominator computers (486, slow 1 gb drive, 640*480 res, 32 mb mem, broken CD, 28.8 modem, Win95). BerBibleSetup.exe fits on 1.44 floppy with WEB OT+NT.
berdp	BeRDP is a project dedicated to bringing the RDP protocol to the BeOS platform utilizing the rdesktop project.
beredit	BEREdit is an editor to edit BER( Basic Encoding Rules ) encoded binary files. This can help as a testing utility for projects involving BER encoded data.
beretta	OWASP Open Source Black Box Web Application Scanner
berezka	Berezka - Open Source JAIN (TM) SLEE (JSR 22) Container for execute and maintaince telecommunication services.
berg	A game support library for the development of educational multi user games and virtual realities. Player actions will be recorded and will allow to build a complex skill and karma graph recording behavioural precedents of a player.
bergamo	A system for cPOE - computerised Prescription Order Entry - with Symbian OS, Windows Mobile, Windows XP for Tablet PC and Windows for Desktop powered client devices
bergenblink	Java classes to communicate with the BergenBlink LED Matrix.
berichtex	A Perl script to generate a LaTeX / PDF Report Book, needed by German Pupils in apprenticeship.\n\nEin Perl Script, dass ein täglich geführtes Berichtsheft als PDF Datei (LaTeX) ausgibt (wird bei vielen Ausbildungen zwingend benötigt). Sehr komfortabel!
beride	A very simple web based IDE primarily for Java. The IDE provides a source tree, text editor with syntax highlighting, CSS for look and feel, and ant support. Future enhancements include subversion support. Uses Google Web Toolkit. Requires Javascript.
berkano	Berkano provides an overlay for Gentoo Linux with ebuilds for bleeding edge software.
berkeleymapper	BerkeleyMapper is an online GIS portal environment enabling other online sites to easily map point distribution files.  A high degree of customization in the interface and layers is possible.
berkewipe	Secure file deletion tool.
berlin	Please note that the berlin project isn&#039;t hosted on sourceforge any longer. Please visit us at &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.fresco.org&quot;&gt;www.fresco.org&lt;/a&gt; instead.
berlinifyer	Berlinifyer is a cgi script written in Perl. It translates HTML documents, residing on an HTTP server, to the dialect spoken in Berlin, Germany and displays them. Relative urls are converted to absolute ones to enable berlinifying of the whole WWW.
bermuda	Bermuda is a help desk web-app that aims to make the lives of tech support offices easier.  It does most of what other ticket tracking apps do and more.  Its sleek interface is easy on the eyes, straightforward, and very useable.
bernardinis	An accounting application that provides scenario based accounting rather than the traditional based accounting systems like MYOB Premier or QuickBooks.
bernardo	Bernardo is a powerful HTTP/TCP trace capture and analysis tool
berniesquest	Bernie&#039;s Quest: An AGI-based Adventure Game
bernzspaces	A collection of utilities in various languages for password doing distributed password cracking including: Javaspaces, MPI, openPBS and more.
berry	berry is a XML-based interpreted language for many purposes
berryirc	berryIRC is an IRC client for the RIM Blackberry handhelds.
berryos	Berry Linux is a bootable CD Linux, automatic hardware detection.\nBerry Linux can be used as a Linux demo, educational CD, rescue system. It is not necessary to install anything on a hard disk.
berryreader	BerryReader - the Free Ebook Reader for blackberry mobile devices. It allows users to read/view ebooks on their blackberry phone. It also allows content developers to write books that can be accessed on these devices.
berryspeedy	Work more efficiently on your BlackBerry! By adding new menu items to your BlackBerry phone, BerrySpeedy helps you work more efficiently by: * Inserting contact and appointment information into mail messages * Composing PIN messages with only two clicks.
bersekerengine	A free 3d engine used in FPS games as Red Dot project
berserk-rpg	This is a small project to make a 2d action rpg game based very loosly upon Berserk the anime/manga; mostly just the main character Gattsu, and the atmosphere of that world.
bersim	bersIM is a plugin for the popular bersIRC windows client.  bersIM will allow a user to be able to log into an instant messaging network and recieve/send messages to other contacts.
bert	A web service toolkit (.Net) for the creation of academic attendance tracking / electronic registration systems. Funded in the UK by the JISC E-Learning programme.
bertha	Bertha is an I/O benchmark tool for high-end storage subsystems. Based on Tim Bray&#039;s Bonnie benchmark tool with three enhancements: 1)it generates far more I/O, 2)it offers a facility to replay I/O transactions, and 3)extensive metrics reporting.
berusky1	Berusky 1 game
besbox	Audio streaming using the iMedia Embedded Linux Distro.
besc	Graphics file manager with two panels (like Norton Commander). It can copy, delete, rename, view and edit, change permission, create and check MD5 sums for files. Compare files and directories. Works with tar, gz, bz2 and zip archives. It is a ftp client
bescheduler	The Blue Elephant Referee Scheduler is free software that allows Sports Leagues, like Soccer Leagues, to match up referees and games with no effort on the part of team coordinators or administrators.
bespamfilter	Add-on email spam filter for bemaildaemon which uses a correspondent list to separate known senders from presumed spammers.  Also has provision for separating incoming mail into yours, mine, and ours categories, for two-person email addresses.
bespin	Beta-Brite Electronic Sign Protocol Interface Normalizer - A win32 program for allowing user scripts and other processes to share a Beta-Brite Electronic Sign connected to a PC serial port.
bespoke	A Web log should be light, fast and versatile.  Yet, so many turn into heavy systems and lose their flexibility.  Bespoke is nimble enough to fulfill diverse content management needs, but complete enough to stand on its own as a powerful Web log system.
bess	Software for peer-assessment of academic assignments by distributed groups, with instant messaging and moderation.
best	Bookmark Entropy Search Technology (BEST) uses a set of server-side PHP scripts in conjunction with a modified Firefox plug-in to permit users to share their bookmarks in a variety of formats (text, HTML, XML, and RSS) filtered by user specified criteria
best75	This application offers a complete guide to setting up and running a successful business. It becomes a virtual consultant to users who have no or limited experience in business and need guidance in setting up and running their businesses.
bestbb	BestBB, the best bulletin board system with most effcient php engine it is considered to be the best, not only because of it is completely open source to the public domain, but also in the quality of the coding.
bestcms	A simple and easy to use Content Management System for anyone that runs a website.
bestcomm	A tool for communicating the best. What if you could send one email which is delivered to an email list, a calendar, a bulletin board, etc. But not at the time sent, but rather the timeS specified for delivery to each. This will be a mailing list tool.
bestcs554	add TCP/IP support to XINU PC version
bestcsv	BestCSV is the next generation CSV reader/writer/validator based on solid OO principles. Its free, cross platform, fast and bugfree.
bestellsystem	This software helps you managing orders for a user group
bestgui	BESTGUI is a GUI front-end for BEST written in Python and GTK+. BEST (Basic Envisat SAR Toolbox) is an ESA (European Space Agency) software tool designed to facilitate the use of ESA SAR data.
bestlyrics	BLySP is in development as a mean to research and test new and improved P2P protocols. BLySP will, in a near future, make use of BestLyrics to collect the necessary resources (i.e. computers) to accomplish the difficult task of testing and tuning protoco
bestoffice	The BestOffice Suite. The goal of the project is to develop personal Office Suite and productivity package solutions for general use. It is yet another free alternactive to actual proprietary Office suites. The BestOffice is now being developed by a team
bestofirc	Best of IRC is a parser which can display irc logs or quotes with their colors and syntax.
bestory	BEstory is a storyboard application which allows the end-user to construct and animate a complete film storyboard. It is a portable and multi-lingual application to cater for all sorts of audience.
bestpractice	BestPractice is a tool especially for musicians to slow down or speed up music, either from a file or directly from a CD while keeping the pitch at the correct height. On the other hand the pitch of the music can be changed without affecting the tempo.
bestqmc	This is a program which helps to simplify boolean equations, using the Quine-McCluskey method. It has several input options, and produces a file with the process followed. Supports a maximum 29 input variables, depending on present memory on the computer
besttest	We are planing to make CMS for people who don&#039;t want to fiddle with coding and straight away get down to business. It is going to fast, easy and simple.\nWe are looking to developers to contribute plugins for this programme.
besttoplist	This is a script to manage your own top sites list.
beta-world	A future-fantasy RPG game. ISO engine.
betabrite	This project entails (initially) the development of a command-line Unix/POSIX utility (in C) that can communicate with LED signs (such as the BetaBrite) using the ALPHA Sign Communications Protocol (ASCP over a serial port.
betacomp	BetaComp Team is an association of individuals who have made common cause to create some Free Software. We are open group, so everyone could join us and help making Open Source applications better.
betadecay	Beta Decay is a 3d FPS/strategy game modeled after tower defense. Basically you build a number of towers/buildings to defend your building from the waves of oncoming enemies. It uses allegro and allegro GL and supports Windows and Linux. Written in C++.
betaftpd	BetaFTPD is a single-threaded FTP daemon, making it very fast (contrary to common belief) while still remaining small (about 20 kB compiled) and providing a decent amount of functionality.
betapad	Betapad is a .txt or .rtf editor. It allows you to: Change Menu Colours Search over 5 different search engines Style your text Print Work Speak text And much more BetaPad is programmed in AutoIT V3 Beta.
betasigncontrol	This project seeks to provide a web-interface to a BetaBrite LED sign capbable of sending messages to the sign and displaying them. Additional modules can also be added to have the sign display weather information and RSS.
betastrike	BetaStrike will, as the name implies, revert to the old beta&#039;s of Counter-Strike. This is a modification of Half-Life, a well known online 3Dshoot-em-up game.
betatools	A collection of perl/cgi scripts that makes adding interactivity to your site very easy. Scripts included: a counter, a script to count how many people are on your site, a clock, a guestbook, a shoutbox, a forum, a contact form, a news system and a poll.
betaverse	BetaVerse is a Real-Time 3D On-Line Community.  It uses the CrystalSpace 3D Engine as well as the VOS network library
betaworld	????? ????????????????????? ?????????? RPG, ?????????? ????????? ?? Java.
betel	Betel is a physics and graphical engine for &quot;paper puppet&quot; animation - cut-out images can be assembled with pivot points, and then animated using the mouse or recorded movements.
betfeather	Betfeather is a client for Betfair.  It aims to reap any benefits afforded by being a thick-client.  Betfeather talks to Betfair&#039;s API.
bethanyauctions	A simple, PHP-based auction/marketplace engine used to raise money for charitable causes.
bethink	bethink is an online journal, diary, or weblog you can use to track events of your life. It features high customability and the ability to create private entries.
betk	Help Bob in his fantastic quest to KILL someone for absolutely no reason.
betoffice	&#039;betoffice&#039; is a Java based - sometimes terrific - football management tool (someone would say a &#039;betting-office&#039;). It is able to collect football and betting results with a web-based frontend (a HTML formular generates an email, beto
betran	BETran is Bosnian to English (and back) dictionary.
betrayer	betrayer is a set of irc statistical services for use with the new darkircd and many other popular ircds
betset	A small web application (Java ServerPages, MySQL) enabling users to enter tipps into a league based betsystem.
betshop4j	A webbased application for handling football bets. Mainly targeted for the upcoming Football Worldcup in Germany 2006. This project evolved during a couple of workshops about developing J2EE applications with Open Source Software.
betster	Betster is a software to create a online bet-office based on PHP, MySQL and JavaScript. The system works with variable Quotes (totalisator-based betting) and provides a CMS-like backend for handling the bets, users and categories.
better-eventcal	BetterEventCal is a free event calendar written in PHP and using MySQL, easy to integrate into your existing site as its own page or within another page.  It lists the date of the event, and an event description, and automatically removes old events.
better-msn	MSN Messenger Addon, formerly known as Msg++, lots of extra features, including custom alerts, profile viewing, email handing, and more than I can fit in 255 chars.
better-ns2-anim	The goal of this project is to be an improvement of the original Network Animator (NAM) module provided as part of the Network Simulator 2 (NS2). This tool provides topology visualization, TCL script generation, and enhanced simulation animation.
betterawstats	betterawstats is an addon to the awstats log file analyzer for generating reports with aditional features such as rolling month, weekday and hourly averages, piecharts and more.
betterblog	BetterBlog is a web log that uses other interfaces besides a web interface to allow users to add to their blogs.  After doing some investigation, the biggest complaint I heard about current bloggers (web log programs) was that it was cumbersome to add yo
bettercsharp	D is a half-step above C#.  D picks up where C# left off.  D is an extension of the C# language, adding support for multiple inheritance.  D is a preprocessor which generates C# source code from D source code.  D is the future of .NET.
betterlayers	A replacement library which aim in replacing the default AmigaOS &quot;layers.library&quot; to more efficently manage layers operations on modern AmigaOS operating systems. It comes with some advanced layers techniques to speed up operations....
bettermud	BetterMUD, a public domain C++/Python-based MUD designed in the book -MUD Game Programming-
betterping	A Perl-based wrapper for &#039;ping&#039; which provides a concise success/failure display for each packet, plus in-progress printing of statistics either periodically or on demand.
betting	Betting Office allows you to run your own betting agency. Bets can be updated, withdrawn or settled. Complete with email-notifications and news handling and fancy statistics and user profiles. Perfect replacement for the wine-lottery at the office.
bettingoffice	betting office will allow you to create bets.
bettingsystem	This software is used to keep encrypted records of &quot;accounts&quot; for betting with fake money in any type of game (eg cards) It has a compound interest feature, where account holders&#039; balance is compounded daily at 1%. It manages bets made dur
betvout	This app/driver provides TVout functionality (NTSC/PAL) on videocards with Nvidia&#039;s RIVA TNT1/2, GeForce 256/2/3, if it contains a Brooktree BT868/869, Chrontel CH7003-7007 or Conexant CX25870/25871 TVout chip.
between-rpg	Between is an open source graphical RPG/MMORPG, written in Java.
bety	It can be used to guess the result of WorldCup matches in a kind of Virtual Casino. The players compete in guessing the correct result of some kind of match. Soccer, Baseball, Basketball, or even Yes/No questions like: will Brazil win the next WorldCup ?
beusgallery	This is a complete dynamically generated gallery of a directory containing some images.
bevdatabase1	Beverage Database 1.0 is a databaseless way to store mixed alcoholic drink information.  It allows searching and sorting of drinks currently in the database, ability to create and remove drinks, as well as the ability to make a new list of drinks.
beventsd	Server daemon which replicates the functionality of LSF bjobs command but moves the interaction off the LSF master.  The server uses the lsb.event files to keep track of all jobs known to an LSF master(s) including MultiCluster setups.
bewareircd	beware ircd is a IRC daemon for windows, written in delphi. it is written from scratch and is compatible with P10 undernet protocol.
bewareserv	P10 protocol IRC services, simple, scalable, for delphi and freepascal, can run on Windows, linux and freeBSD. it is easy to code new service bot &quot;modules&quot; for it.
bework	Bework is a simple PHP5 Framework build uppon PHP::PEAR. It is designed to act as a central entry point for use and configuration of PEAR-Packages and other usefull classes.
bewos	BeWos is an Italian Project of development of an 32bit didactical open source operating system. Our target is create a community, a place where share ideas and opinions about Operating System Development
bexee	bexee (BPEL Execution Engine) is an open source Java engine that allows deploying and executing business processes described in the Business Process Execution Language (BPEL).
bexpred	The Boolean Expression Reducer provides the user with various tools to visualize and analyze boolean expressions. Given an expression, it also reduces it to its Sum of Products and Product of Sums form.
bexscript	Bex is a scripting language for the Java platform. It is based on the BeanShell scripting language but it provides better tools for functional programming.
beyondcatan	A networked version of Settlers of Catan.
beyondcopy	BeyondCopy allows you to copy something in one computer, and paste it in another computer directly.It is useful if you have to work at two computers at the same time.
beyondcvs	Eclipe plugin that enables using Beyond Compare (externally) for comparing files and folders. Can also compare a single file to a previous revision in CVS or to Local History. Also allows extensions to open up Putty and WinSCP from inside Eclipse.
beyondepg	BeyondEPG provides a suite of tools to enhance the Electronic Program Guide provided by SnapStream&#039;s BeyondTV.  Included is an XMLTV importer, Web Based Guide Browser and more!
beyondinput	A ASP.NET web control written in C#,used to provide special characters input such as symbols and other Western characters,may be useful for special charaters based context search or some bbs systems(for user to input more symbols to express things such a
beyondinstall	BeyondInstall is a powerful multi-platform Java installer builder that generates native installers for Java applications on any OS. The tool features rich functions, robust extensibility,beautiful user interface and easy of use.
beyondmtgo	Free and easy to use application for on line phasing card game. Load your cards, manage your different decks and play with your friends via LAN or Internet on a fast and usable environment.
beyondproject	Beyond is an open, free web app that makes genealogy research easy and fun.
bezcruvcreator	It will draw moving Bezier curves, it should do it fast, there will be possibility to change some coefficients (eg. numbler of leading points) and more :)
bezhen	This project can be used as base to build a serious server and clients to all tradicional card games.
bezpub	BeZ publish is a web based application suite based on eZ Publish. It delivers functionality ranging from publishing of news, web logs and diaries, through web shop functionality like shopping carts and wishlists and forums to intranet functions like cont
bf-commander	BF Commander is a admin tool for Battlefield 1942 (copyright by DICE/EA) dedicated Linux Server. It offers you an easy to use Webpage to control most functions of the dedicated Server.
bf2-mupdater	This is a Battlefield 2 Map Updater utility.  It is currently intended to be used with the www.bf2combat.net Battlefield 2 campaign, but can be easily adapted for use with most any game with custom mods/maps.
bf2-statbuster	The Battlefield 2 Stat tracker is a PHP-based script that allows web administrators to place a BF2 player stats utility on their website.
bf2142privstat	Alternative system of collection statistics for the game of Battlefield 2142
bf2142utility	This util disables intro movies in Battlefield 2142. There is also an Unlock Simulator which helps you plan which unlocks you want to spend your points on in the future.
bf2autoloader	BF2AutoLoader (BF2AL) is a free, no ad/spyware, GameSpy/ASE/XFire servers browser alternative for Battlefield 2.
bf2c	Optimizing BrainF*ck to C compiler, with an object orientated structure.
bf2clone	This is game is intended to be a clone of the popular game BF2
bf2mcstats	This is a script that retrieves the stats from the game Battle Field 2: Modern Combat from the EA Server. It is based on the GamerCard Extracter by Consti and uses Snoopy, the php web-browser, and MagPieRss, and rss retriever.
bf2sc	PHP class for fetching Battlefild 2 player statistics from DICE
bfacs	(deprecated)
bfantasy	Brick Fantasy is an arkanoid clone written in Java. It will have an exclusive RPG mode, a level editor, a lot of great bonus and much more.
bfasterisk	uClinux-bfasterisk is a set of Makefiles to automatically create asterisk root filesystem image automatically. current hardware target are blackfin boards.
bfat	BFAT is a general purpose, highly flexible test platform. It is a multi platform, distributed, scalable, and modular system that allows for very different test applications. BFAT is based on open interfaces.
bfbtester	BFBTester is great for doing quick, proactive, security checks of binary programs. BFBTester will perform checks of single and multiple argument command line overflows and environment variable overflows. Versions 2.0-BETA and higher can also watch for te
bfd	A bug tracking system written in Lua
bfdarkside	A complete Trojan suit (Client/Server) writen in delphi 5.
bfdebug	The BF Debugger Project is an attempt to allow the development of software using the Brainf*** programming language in a GUI development environment, and to provide a platform for the advancement and dissemination of this language.
bfdev	Integrated development environment for creating, editing, compiling, translating, debugging and profiling portable brainfuck programs.
bfe	Graphical debugger interface for the Bochs PC emulator.
bfexplorer	BytesFall Explorer (bfExplorer for short) is a web-based file manager written in PHP and JavaScript and licensed under the GNU GPL.
bfexplorerlite	PHP Explorer is a one-file, web-based file manager programmed in PHP and JavaScript and licensed under the GNU GPL. It allows you to upload, download, view, edit, copy, move/rename and change permissions of a single file/directory or a group of files/dir
bfg	BFG is a resource explorer for the Doom and Quake series. It allows to preview, visualize, and later edit, resources included in a level. BFG emphasizes design, portability, and neat C++ code.
bfhelp	Simple AJAX RIA help system that can use MS HTML Help Workshop content and provide a similar cross browser UI
bfhi	This project seeks nothing less than a total change in perimeter defense.  This project will provide applications to create millions of virtual hosts (aka honeyhet) tied to an IDS/IPS system(s), permitting dynamic network camouflage and defense.
bfi	BFI is a 3rd person realtime starship space combat game. Fleets fight for resources, and captains for promotion, in the style of Netrek and Star Fleet Battles.  Ships can be designed and purchased, and promotions are decided by players, not the game.
bfi-toolkit	The bfi-toolkit is a set of scripts that converts Cobol Copybooks to XML. Uses sed and awk. Conversion allows for transformation of the XML produced, to create useful bits of code using XSLT (Cobol programs, copybook, DB tables etc.)
bfide	BF (Brainfuck) integrated development environment, written in C#. Features syntax highlighting, language interpretation, break points, and ability to view variable (slot) contents.
bfiew	Binary file view
bfilter	BFilter is an ad-filtering web proxy featuring an effective heuristic ad-detection algorithm.
bfit	A desktop and PDA workout and fitness tracking system, providing synchronization between PDA and desktop.
bfk	BFK is a free keylogger software with features that is similar to most popular keyloggers on the net like ghost keylogger but it is free
bflog	A command line Battlefield 1942 log generation tool for windows or linux. Requires administrative access to the target server, attempts to keep logging despite server instability.
bfly	Butterfly is an information object manager. It provides a single and simple interface to all objects that a user needs to browse and manage in a computer system, be it files, applications, hardware, images, music, operating system services, etc.
bfmedia	BFMedia is a starting project for managing mp3&#039;s files, lyrics, stats and much more later on
bfmp	Boolean Function Minimization Program (BFMP) is a platform-independent program written in Perl. It is based on the Quine-McCluskey tabular approach to minimize boolean functions. It supports multiple outputs system and can handle 26-variables minterm.
bfms	bfms is an enhanced php based replacement for apaches default directory listing.
bfootball	Blade Football is a OpenGL-based football (soccer in America) game.  You can play against the computer or an online opponent.  For version 1 each teams consists of a single player.  You take turns trying to make a goal.
bfpx	A Java bytecode compiler for the Brainfuck programming language. This compiler translates Brainfuck programs to Java bytecode and features parallel processing and a reworked, streamoriented I/O subsystem.
bfr	The BACnet Firewall Router (BTR) is an application that combines BACnet routing capability with traffic management functions to carefully control access to building automation and control networks.
bfrcg	PHP code generator that can quickly and easilly create code for database operations (create-read-update-delete), with flexible code-generation options, based on table data gathered from a DB.
bfre	Experiments, etc. tools, frameworks for version control, business rules, persistence, code generation, etc. not an active project these days.
bfrmlogparser	This is a ban log parser for BlackBagOps&#039;s Battlefield Remote Server Manager. It will take a adminlog.csv file from your server manager and create useful statistical information from it.
bfrt	BFRT is a tool for recovering files corrupted during the download. BFRT analyzes the file and redownloads it&#039;s parts in certain order until all corrupted parts are fixed (thus saving time and traffic). Supports CRC32, MD5, SHA1, SHA256, SHA384, SHA5
bfs	Business from Scratch, which is also a better, faster, smarter choice for Enterprise Application solution.
bfs2pack	bfs2pack is a packer and unpacker for flatout2 bfs archives. It comes with a small gui (ready to use) and a commandline (coming soon) interface.
bfsblackjack	Sindy&#039;s Blackjack is a card game developed in Visual Basic .NET for the Windows 32-bit and .NET Framework 1.1 environment. Game/Source Code includes a custom random playing card generator class, folder and file management, user profile management &a
bfserverstats	A Web-Frontend to view live stats of Battlefield 1942-Servers. Uses php. Updated to also work with BF Vietnam.
bfshapefiles	BytesFall ShapeFiles is a PHP library that allows reading and editing of an ESRI ShapeFile and all the associated information.
bfskinner	An XML/XSL based Apache file browser, fully configurable, including user management and directory permissions, allowing users to post content for automated browsing. Useful for file libraries, repositories, or galleries. Current version in PHP.
bfsms	bfsms is an application for sending traditional and &quot;Flash&quot; SMS messages from a bluetooth-capable Linux PC and a Bluetooth equipped cellphone.
bfstatslogtrim	A Perl program that trims the statistics.csv file (generated by Battlefield Server Manager, http://blackbagops.com/bf1942/index.shtml) to exclude log entries older than x days, for use by Venkman&#039;s BFStats log parser, http://www.mkoehler.de/bfstats
bftpd	bftpd is an FTP server for Unix systems, which is designed to be portable and fast. It supports inetd and standalone mode, most RFC FTP commands and is very easy to configure.
bfts-enforcer	A cross-platform Java-based server program to manage TeamSpeak channels based on team info in Battlefield 1942 and BF2. To be used for servers that want to enforce proper teams within TeamSpeak channels. Support for BF2 squad management is coming soon.
bfw3a	Batch tool with both command line and user interface to compute web album pictures.
bfware	Booksellers Friend - A CMS to help Booksellers organizing their Items by getting informations via ISBN and handy interfaces to Amazon (c) eBay (c) and other selling platforms.
bfwep	bf_wep is going to be a deamon like application for both windows and linux that will encrypt outgoing messages of TCP or UDP and send it over you wired or wireless connection. This should protect from wardriving attacks and arp attacks on a hub or open a
bg-identifiers	Validator for Identifiers used in Republic Bulgaria - EGN, Dany4en nomer, BULSTAT, Bankov kod, Bankova smetka
bgb-game-eng	[currently dead] a project to modify quake 1 engine to take on \\&quot;web-server\\&quot; like abilities (such as interconnection, ad-hoc content, and the ability to run a number of maps of the same physical server).
bgbible	Bulgarian Bible study program for Linux
bgbuntu	Project for developing resources for the popular kde and gnome education programs.The project is specialized for bulgarian schools and children.The recomennded Linux distribution is &quot;Edubuntu&quot;
bgchanger	BgChanger is a simple set of python scripts adding wallpaper rotation functionality to gnome. It is designed to be *simple* above all else. No complicated menus or options. Add images and change options for bgchanger via terminal or included gui.
bgclone	This project will build an open source clone of the Baldur&#039;s Gate engine.
bgcms	Simple and easy to use Content Management System, with powerfull admin section, modules, languages, RSS feeds, News, unlimited categories and subcategories. Restricted Access for every single page, and User Groups. Easy to use template system (CSS/xHTML)
bgecco	bGecco: Bacterial Gene Complement Comparison
bgedu	This is a project for developing education linux distribution for bulgarian schools and for bulgarian children with education programs and programs integrated to wikipedia databases. Let&#039;s make the education FREE!
bgep	Board Games Eclipse Plug-In: Set of two player board games to play against the computer
bgf	A PHP Application Framework written for developers of large-scale Applications that utilize the benefits of PHP 4/5.
bggb	This is a php guestbook that utilizes mysql.  It comes with its own install script, and is designed for ease of use.  It includes fields for AOL instan messenger contacts, e-mail, location, message, and name.
bgl	BGL is 100% assembler game library coded with NASM and linked with DJGPP (for the moment). This library will be compatible with DOS and Windows and maybe Linux (if someone want&#039;s to port it).
bglimiter	&#039;bglimiter&#039; is a Perl script for monitoring and limiting of background processes. Code is mainly based on the &#039;bgcheck&#039; Perl script by blue@blue.dhs.org , the script was modified so it would work on BSD&#039;s.
bgm-devel	Blood Glucose Monitor is a program designed for the veterinarian to run a blood glucose curve assay on canines and felines.  Graphs the test results for easy viewing and creates a html report.  This program requires Gambas to build and run.
bgmozilla	The goal of this project is to provide a Bulgarian translation of Mozilla
bgoffice	The goal of this project is to provide spell check, grammar check and hyphenation for Bulgarian language for Open Source products such as OpenOffice.org, aspell, ispell etc.
bgp	This application is a useful tool to convert numeric series  (chromatography or mass spectrometry)  in a graphic, like SDS page  gel or DNA  gel to compare it visually. It also includes a database to quickly find matches with user defined profiles.
bgp-moas-list	this is an implementation of advanced BGP added &quot;MOAS-LIST&quot;mechanism. This mechnism was forwarded by Xiaoliang Zhao to distinguish invalid MOAS from valid MOAS(Multi Origin AS). I modified GNU open source code Zebra-0.94 to implement it.
bgp-stress-test	A project that seeks to generate test cases and send malformed BGP packets to a router.
bgpacld	This is an automatic access list generator. Access lists are generated based on routing information witch can be obtained from any BGP compatible router. This access list can be used to automaticaly manipulate policy routing or for billing/accounting.
bgpanalyzer	Friendly GUI for analysis of BGP data and much more.
bgpmatrix	Automatic BGP peering matrix using whois servers.  Creates a table with complete discovery of peer to peer connections through RIPE, ARIN, etc using the peer&#039;s autonomous system (AS) number.  Visit http://www.lipex.net/matrix.php to see it in action
bgpwatch	BGPWatch is a Linux and BSD background process monitor written in Perl. It is useful for controlling how many processes each user has running , what processes they are running, and what they are allowed to run.
bgroupware	Business groupware (bgroupware) is a spin-off of the well known phpgroupware. This has been done for architecural and other reasons to keep imporvements alive that have been done by some professional ex-developers from a known company.
bgs	bgs (brick game simulator) is an attempt to implement multipurpose gaming engine which will allow to port all existant puzzle games (like tetris, columns, puyo puyo sun, etc) to all operating systems using SDL as cross-platform multimedia library.
bgsc	This project will connect the gene databases of the world through a portal website , open sharing protocol and API. Please see the project documents for specifics.
bgssj	The BGSSJ allows for easy and interactive querying using different gene identifiers (GenBank ID, UniGene, SwissProt, gene symbol), generates a summary page with listings of the frequencies of Gene Ontology annotations for each functional category (cluste
bgt	???? ?? ??????? ???????? ???????? ????? ???? ?????? ?? ????????? ????
bgvs	A \\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;Virtual Stadium\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039; for contest of board games player Java classes.
bgzip	BGZip is a compressor that uses BWT and others techniques to compress archives, sounds and videos with in high compression rates.
bh-helpcenter	BlackHawk HelpCenter is an help center website written in php, and includes many kinds of help sections, to create a virtual help center.
bh-organizer	Virtual Multi-Language Organizing application, like a virtual electronic diary which includes diary, planner, and many more little applications...
bh3d	Biohazard 3D is a new kind of engine that vies to be different from the norm. It is designed to be completely and totally dynamic. For lighting, it uses dynamic lightmaps (which also support basic normal maps), and vertex lighting for basic entities. Map
bharatsahitya	We want to build an online repository of copyright free Indian literature in various languages like hindi, marathi, tamil, bengali, english etc. People will be able to visit a website, search and read content in their own language.
bhausen	Free map making software
bhcintranet	BHC Intranet is a PHP and MySQL-based office intranet suite similar to phpGroupWare. Since the developer no longer works for the company for which it was developed, further development has ceased. Think of this project as a source of good ideas.
bhdlsim	A hardware description language and simulation tool to describe hardwares based on logic gates. The hardwares described can have the facility to connect to other programs or the devices can be written in C using the program as a library.
bhdz-lib	Small Open Source C++ library under Win32 providing a wrappers for common Win32API functions. The Interface of Bhdz Lib is directly using standard C++ templates, classes and functions. The other part of the interface is the Win32API itself.
bhhcquidditch	Ever wanted to play Quidditch Online? Here is your chance! This game was made by BHHC? int. Why not come and play a game of quidditch or go practice your skills and make fun of thew admins? Have lots of fun on this new type of game!
bhojpuri	This project will work with the aim to have computer in Bhojpuri language. Bhojpuri language speaking people are more than 200 Million. It is spoken in India, Nepal, Trininad, Surinam etc countries. So it cater innumerable people scattered all over world
bhpro	bhPro ist ein Programm zum Pflegen von Ausbildungsnachweisen für das duale Ausbildungssystem in Deutschland. Es ermöglicht Exporte in verschiedene Datenformate.
bhpstool	A tool to extract BHPS individuals with ANY variable form ANY wave (1991-2003). It create lifepaths, for further research.
bhrpul	Benetech Human Rights Program Utility Library: Collection of utilities used by the Benetech Human Rights programming for processing human rights data in preparation for statistical analysis.  Library handles DSV files, name canonicalization, binarray, et
bhsprojhipaa	HCFA-1500 &amp; UB-92 FF conversion to 837
bhsuite	A program with allows itself to be launch to process a specific type of an editor which will in turn allow the user to launch any amount of compatible program which will then dynamically communicate with each other.
bhttp	This is a little experiment of mine. I want to make something like a PROXY server, HTTPServer and FTPServer, only with basic functions.
bhttpmail	Blue HttpMail is a library that connects to HTTPMail servers (such as hotmail.com) and a proxy that allows POP3, IMAP and SMTP access to those servers. Blue HttpMail is being developed using the open source library Blue http://bluelib.sourceforge.net
bhtv-docs	Proyek Dokumentasi BHTV yang dilandasi semangat open source dan berlisensi GPL.
bhul	This spelling checker is able to give good phonetic suggestions (and rank them according to closeness) for misspelled Bangla words, written either in Bangla or English. This project has been shifted to puspaSpeller, another sf project.
bi-dir-pim	XORP (eXtensible Open Router Platform) : It is an open source software router platform. We are going to implement Bi-Directional PIM(Protocol Independent Multicast)Protocol(IETF Draft No.8)for XORP and making it secure by using IPsec (AH) mechanism.
bian	This is a BBS system developed using Java servlet and MySQL database. It will also supports many other database systems, such as Oracle, Postgres, DB2, etc. Its Rich Text Editor is compatible for both of Mozilla and IE.
bianlian	BianLian Framework plan to establish a cross-platform, cross-language, JSF .NET like solution. To make all the GUI (both JSF .net and so on) INDEPENDENT to implementation. PS, BianLian is the famous Chinese art with about 1000 years history.
bias	Bias is a personal information management application (organizer). Major principle is: selfsufficiency. Bias is supposed to be run as Java executable archive (JAR) containing application itself, application&#039;s configuration and user&#039;s data.
biatchux	Bootable CD Forensics/Virus Scanning/Recovery/PenTesting platform
biatsh	Bipolar Attitude Shell (biatsh) is a command line interpreter that will sometimes back-talk or play hard-to-get when you ask it to do something.  It may also get upset if you don&#039;t pay enough attention to it...
biax	biax is an OpenSource database manager which supports MySQL,Features database structures management, data editor and SQL Query Tool.
bib-it	Bib-it, a BibTeX frontend and a bibliographic style generator.
bib-processcard	Multiple gateway credit card payment processor
bib-tech	A server reliability tester built in Java to test the connection between the client and a list of servers.
bib2html	bib2html convert BibTeX descriptions of publications into a set of html pages with several different index pages types. Formatting is controllable through XSL.
bibagent	This project aims at helping the process of searching and retrieval of citations and full-text scientific papers from the web for a specific user with specific research interests.
bibbase	BibBase generates HTML pages from bibtex and other notes files on-the-fly. This makes it easy to maintain and allows users to group,sort,filter your publications as they desire. Also a bibtex file is offered for download to ensure correct citing.
bibber	This project consists of two main parts: A management system for bibliographic data, and a project management system for written works that need to organize and classify such data.
bibciter	BibCiter is an online bibliographic manager, to privately manage your bibliography or openly publish bibliographies on the web. Multiuser (admin, edit, external). Lists in APA standards. BibTeX import/export. RSS feed. WP styles.
bibcollect	BibCollect is a free utility for the automatic download of BibTex entries from various public databases. It searches for citations in Latex files and automatically assembles an appropriate BibTex file.
bibcursed	Bibcursed is a simple curses-based editor for BibTeX bibliography files, especially useful for those who have to maintain a large number of references for a major piece of documentation, like a PhD thesis.
bibdb	BibDB is an open source Curriculum Vitae management program in Java.  It serves as a database for professor&#039;s publications so that updating multiple CVs is easier.  It uses templates to create custom output to BibTeX, LaTeX, RTF and HTML.
bibdesk	BibDesk is a graphical bibTeX bibliography manager for Mac OS X.
bibedt	BibEdt is a graphical program to manage BibTeX files and a Z39.50 client for the Win32 platform.
bibelot	bibelot.pl is a Perl script that formats and converts text documents into compressed PalmDoc .pdb files, suitable for reading on a Palm or Handspring device with any standard PalmDoc reader (AportisDoc, CSpotRun, RichReader, TealDoc, etc.)
biber	The Biber is a personal bibliography manager. His mission is to support scientists of all disciplines. By simply adding plugins, The Biber can grow from a small tool to a powerful document management facility w/ BibTeX support, pdf storage and many more.
bibforjava	jBib is a Client/Server application that allows schools to handle lending, returning, statistics ... of their libaries. The frontend is written in Java, Postgresql is used as a backend.
bibi	Bibi - the Bibtex File Manager. Bibi is a graphical, platform-independent editor and manager for .bib files.
bibkeeper	Bibkeeper is a tool for editing and using BibTeX databases, with a user-friendly graphical interface, programmed in Java.
biblecodes	Bible Code Software using LXX, Masoretic, GNT, and KJV. Including powerful mathematic scans ranging from overview to specifc.
bibledave	A sidescroller game written in python involving a crashed pilot, scattered Bibles and a deadline.
bibledb	Specialized database generator for Bible modules (kjv.dll, asv.dll, etc.)
bibledesktop	BibleDesktop is a Bible study application that reads Sword modules. It is written in Java and based on the J-Sword project. It runs on Windows, MacOS and Linux.
bibledit	Bibledit is an editor for the Bible, used in Bible translation and revision.
biblememorizer	BibleMemorizer is a program to help with memorizing scripture.
biblenotes	Store and organize notes (or reader impressions) of the Holy Scriptures.  Support for cross-referenced notes (i.e., notes that can reference many passages) and searching by note content or passages referenced.  A 3d visualization of the note database too
bibleonline	Closed project, mistakenly created two of the samen project. See: http://onlinebible.sourceforge.net for the real project
bibleprojector	This program displays verses from the Bible (currently in Russian only) on a seperate screen. ????? ??????????? (first 830 songs) is also included in the latest version.
bibleref	This tool interprets biblical references and determines the URL to view that reference in a number of online bible texts.
biblesearch	Using the free bibles online, this search engine will allow a user to query a bible database using familiar web search engine syntax.
biblestudy	Biblestudy tool to learn bible verses. This tool works on all OS (written in Java). You can add bible verses and choose to take a test. Also you can read your verses on the internet (biblegateway), save and load your verses and so on..
biblesuper	Advanced web-based Bible passage lookup and search script. Search entire Bible online or only the specified references, full Boolean search. Look up multiple passages. Designed to be incorporated into your site template. Several TR Bibles avaliable.
bibletools	A toolbox for searching and extracting text in Bible databases. Currently in the process of converting the code repository to subversion. It may or may not live at sf.net afterward.
bibletrivia	BibleTrivia is a program that displays Bible questions and answer choices.  It keeps your score and the amount you&#039;ve gotten correct or wrong.
biblia	A magyar Károli-Biblia forrása, néhány eszközzel, kellékkel és megjelenítési felülettel. Repository for the Hungarian Karoli-bible, with some tools, accessories and interfaces. (Rest of the project is in Hungarian.)
bibliasacra	The goal of the Biblia Sacra project is to create a Bible study and translation software. The base will be the original languages (Hebrew, Greek and Aramaic). Further dictionaries, commentaries, references and other translations will be included.
biblic	Biblic Translation Platform (BTP) is a translation software with many utilities, which aid translating from Hebrew and Aramaic. It is specifically targeted to biblic and jewish mystical sources.
biblicaldebates	&quot;Biblical Debates&quot; is a script designed to manage scriptural debates on any topic! This script allows for collaborative &quot;wiki&quot; editing and is created to provide Christians with both sides of any theological argument!
biblio	Biblio is a software used for &quot;bibliographical database&quot;  management. Biblio is designed for a workgroup. It indexes books, articles, authors, houses publishing, reviews. Biblio is an application developed in PHP4 and  MySQL, using an MVC archi
bibliocode	Crossplatform tool for programmers who need to organize and archive the code then have written group by Programming lenguage.
bibliograph	Bibliograph is an AJAX-based multi-user open source on-line bibliographic reference manager and bibliography tool. Please use SVN or go to the project homepage to download releases.
bibliography	Text::Bibliography is a set of Perl modules and tools to handle the formatting of bibliography entries from multiple input and output formats.
biblioman	BiblioMan is an application for managing book libraries.
bibliomanager	This sample show how to use AWT, and file manager, also the use of StringTokenizer, and some other POO technics.
bibliomori	A personal library manager.
biblion	Biblion is an administrative frontend for library administration.
bibliophile	Bibliophile is a loose grouping of independent OS or GPL bibliographic systems and aims at promoting discussion, standards and the development of common utilities.
biblios	biblios is a web-based (for now) library manager. It uses MySQL and PHP4. It needs just a web client.
biblioserve	Web based application for sharing academic bibliographic references in a standard interoperable way. Powerfully enables individuals, departments and/or organizations to consolidate and publish their bibliographies. Can be based on flat file or SQL DB.
bibliosynthesis	Bibilosynthesis is text file browser. You can navigate very quickly through your hard disk and pick the texts you &#039;re interested in. Then BiblioSythesis gives you a single text file made of all the selections you&#039;ve made.
biblioteca	A modification of the openbiblio2 project intended to use as general library simple system. It should use, instead of Amazon&#039;s SOAP, isdndb or other xml service for cataloguing.
bibliotecalivre	Manager of library based on the standard marc.
bibliotheque	An open source webbased library management software.
bibliovts	Ovo je projekat koji ce omoguciti katalogizaciju publikacija\niz biblioteke Vise Tehnicke Skole u subotici
biblook	Biblook is a program for quickly searching through bibtex files. finding entries with a certain word in a certain field (&quot;find author twain&quot;).  Bibindex is a support program that creates an index file for later use by biblook.
biblos	Biblos is an easy-to-use X11/MSWindows application that can index your cds , mp3 collection and even local directories to help you better manage your files .
biblospk	Program automatycznie prolonguj?cy przetrzymane ksi??ki z Biblioteki G?ównej PK
biblox	A complete software in order to study the bible. Biblox are two projects in one:\n\n1) Biblos: The program.\n2) Biblox: A Linux Live-CD with Biblos and a lot of resources for making articles, books, sermons, etc., related to the Bible.
bibnova	Bibliotheca nova is a web-based library system, including client-only and administration Servlets. It is implemented using Java/JSP.
bibom	This is a loderunner like game written in C++ with the SDL library. It is compatible with Windows, Linux, Mac and others. It is distributed in GPL/Open source Licence.
bibpad	BibPad is a personal bibliography management tool. BibPad is written in Java and has an open programming interface to build extensions or new applications.
bibro	Bibro can tell you who, why and when visit your site. This program is very powerful, use filters (so you can choose statistics to analysis not only by time) and has modular structure.
bibs	Bibs is a cross country (running) meet management and scoring program, which provides for teams entry, scoring, and results.
bibs-crea-mapeo	A generator for Castor JDO Mapping&#039;s that uses the database information
bibsis	A simple library manager, using gtk+ and mysql.
bibsite	Based on BibTeX data, BibSite offers easy access to an organisation&#039;s publications. PHP and MySQL make the interface as well as the storage customizable to own requirements. Import, export, manage, and more.
bibtexlib	BibTeXlib is a BibTeX library written in JAVA. You can use it to extract information from BibTeX files, manipulate this information, and save it to BibTeX files.
bibtexml	BibteXML is a bibliography schema for XML that expresses the content model of BibTeX  the bibliographic system for use with LaTeX. Stylesheets and conversion tools are provided.
bibtexparser	The goal of this project is to provide an empty parser for bibtex files. It is written in Java, using a patched bison version for java. It can be used for many purposes like storing bibtex files in database (using jdbc) or convert them into XML files.
bibus-biblio	Bibus is a bibliographic database. It uses a MySQL or SQLite database to store references. It can directly insert references in OpenOffice.org and MS Word and generate the bibliographic index.
bibworm	Stop searching for your notes on that interesting book written by some person called Smith - now they&#039;re only a few clicks away. BibWorm is your complete research management tool, bringing together your bibliographical data and your documents/notes.
bibxmleditor	The BibXML Editor helps to manage bibliography information stored in an XML-based file. Export filters allows to generate BibTex files or HTML pages.
bicicleta	A new kind of programming environment that eases some of the unnecessary difficulties of programming.
bicq	A simple plugin for BitchX that provides connections to the ICQ network.  Chat with friends, keep a contact list, and more.
bics	bics - (B)ash (I)nteractive (C)lipboard (S)cript is a bash script that performs clipboard functions. An interactive script that does not need a gui to function. bics will add/delete/clear it&#039;s clipboard. Provides a quick way to keep notes with no gu
bicyclerepair	The Python Refactoring Browser, helping Pythonistas everywhere glide over the gory details of refactoring their code. Watch him extract jumbled code into well ordered classes. Gasp, as he renames all occurrences of a method. Thank You Bicycle Repair Man!
bide	A Befunge-93 and eventually Funge-98 interpreter/debugger in C++, for all platforms.
bideuchre	Cross-platform Bid Euchre game.
bidnobble	BidNobble is a Java based auction tool for eBay users. You can track eBay auctions and the snipe tool allows you to schedule your bid to be placed seconds before the auction ends, avoiding driving the price high early in the auction&#039;s life.
bidprent-is	Bidprent Informatie Systeem is a hosted web site, free of charge, for people who collect genealogy information. This enables other users to query that information and also import/export functionality will be available.
bidule	Bidule is a implementation of Zend Framework
bidwatcher	Auction tracking and bidding tool for eBay users.
bie-gpl	This is a GPL variant project of the BIE product. The Business Integration Engine (BIE) is a full-featured EAI server which allows companies to integrate disparate systems, create and manage agile business processes, and easily service oriented arch...
bieditor	Form editor for Bindows framework.
biege	A completed Zelda old school SNES style single player and multiplayer adventure game in Java .  It stars a dwarven warrior on a quest to collect crystals for his king. A skillfull lizard ranger joins him in mulitplayer mode.
bier-gewinnt	Bier gewinnt ist ein Vier gewinnt-Spiel f?r Windows, das sowohl an einem PC als auch ?ber LAN oder Internet gespielt werden kann.
biertjuh	This project is under heavy reconstruction. Be patient...
bies	An open source alternative Biometric Image Evaluation System.
bif	This is the Hunt&#039;s robot development site. The robot is a educational project to develop a really cool robot.
biff	Interpreter of Pascal programming language written in Java.
biffapi	Biff API is an PHP/MySQL programming API for quick development of PHP-based web applications
biffles	Biffles is a mailing list client: inboxes with mail are fried, those mails are stored in outboxes. The outbox is selected depending on a tied rule. In the FTN world would be called &quot;e-mail tosser.&quot; Written in Perl; depends on Mail::Box.
bifftray	bifftray is a bare-bones mail notification application using GTK+ to support the freedesktop.org System Tray standard with no bells, whistles, memory leaks, or heavy memory consumption.
bifrost	Bifrost is a new Object/Relational pesistence project for java.
bifrost-oodbms	Bifröst oodbms is a fast LGPL licensed object orientated database.
bifrostproj	This is meant to be a server - client - protocol set for a messaging service based on mySQL but with the possibility to authenticate through the database itself or LDAP
big	The Biodiversity Information [Group | Geeks | Gadgets] develop software tools and data standards that enable herbaria and museums to create dynamic distributed queries of their online databases.
big-brother	Big-Brother is a collection of J2EE filters and servlets that provide custom monitoring and auditing of web-applications, keeping track of who does what, when, and how often. It makes use of the jakarta-apache Struts framework for the interface GUI.
big-o-space	This is a top-down space-exploration game written in c++ using CodeBlocks and MingW. It uses Ogre for rendering and OgreOpcode for collision detection. The editing data files info is out of date, feel free to leave comments, crits, whatever here.
big3dsol	Collection of 40 Solitaire Games with 3D - OpenGL render
bigace	BIGACE is a multisite, multilanguage and multiuser Web CMS, written in PHP for MySQL. It&#039;s really easy-to-use. Uses FCKeditor (WYSIWYG) for HTML editing. Has Versioning, Workflows, User and Right Management, Templates... Stable release available.
bigal	BigAl is a free open source and platform independent software for calculating really BIG numbers. It supports not only standard arithmetic, but also exact period determination, predefined factorials, fibonacci with seeds, factorization, etc.
bigback	BigBack is a backpropagation based neural network simulator that DOES NOT read all the input data into memory. This allows it to handle very large data sets (although slower than most programs.)
bigblue	A place for IBM mainframe programs (and programmers)
bigbooke	BBE contains many tools and a simple framework to help you manage your code, including features like PEAR compatibility and XML support.
bigboos	BigBoos is a easy to use network monitoring system which checks the networking devices either based on snmp or icmp ping and generates reports.It also have trouble ticket system , downtime report,customer management etc.It is ideal for middle sizes ISP.&
bigboy	BigBoy is a three dimensional Finite-Difference Time-Domain (FDTD) simulator for photonics (plasmonics, photonic crystals or high index-contrast structures).
bigbrotherbot	BigBrotherBot (B3) is a cross-platform, cross-game game administration bot. Features in-game administration of game servers, multiple user access levels, and database storage. Currently include parsers for Call of Duty (CoD) and Call of Duty 2 (CoD2)
bigbrowser	The best polish web browser
bigbug	PHP/MySQL Bug Tracker with project, product levels. Advanced privileges make it suitable for groups.
bigcalc	Java arbitrary-precision calculator and expression parser.  &quot;Compiles&quot; text equations into functors to be executed using the Java BigDecimal class.
bigclock	It&#039;s big!  It&#039;s a clock!  It&#039;s BigClock!  This is a simple Eclipse RCP application to display an alarm clock-style display your desktop.
bigdata	bigdata is a scale-out storage and computing fabric supporting transactions, very high concurrency, and very high aggregate IO rates.
bigdesk	BIGdesk is a customizable Help Desk/Trouble Ticketing System.  It allows web submission of tickets and e-mail submission.  It is currently written in PHP and uses a MySQL db with patTemplate for the template engine.
bigdig	&quot;BigDig&#039; is a JAXR compliant UDDI Browser implemented as an Eclipse Plugin.
bigfaces	This project is to fully implement Java Server Faces (JSF) 1.2 specification.
bigfish	The BigFish Firewall is a suite PHP5 scripts for generate iptables scripts extremely customisables and flexibles. Here are some of the standout features of Bigfish Firewall: Kernel Vars adjust: Tunning the linux kernel proc variables to securing your sys
bigforth	bigFORTH is a native code Forth for x86 processors. MINOS is a portable GUI library for X11 and Win32, written in object oriented Forth, and includes the form editor Theseus.
bigfusion	PHP and Database based web interface for the Nessus , Nmap and Nikto scanners.
biggestblue	A distributed internet super computer. Inspired by the likes of Seti@Home &amp; distribted.net, but open source and introducing a market place concept for tasks
biggles	Biggles is a 2D scientific plotting package for Python, geared toward the production of publication-quality plots.
biggrid	An open grid computing framework and associated distribution architecture for building a global grid super computer that utilises wireless and mobile nodes as well as static computers.
bigint	TBigNum is a new number type for Delphi and Pascal. TBigNum can handle with over 2 millions digits, supports commas/points, all number systems of 2-255 and most types of calculation (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, exponents and roots).
bigint-dl	BigInt is the Delphi library providing operations with extremely large integer numbers, known as multi-precision arithmetics. Our primary goal is to achieve maximum performance of calculations.
bigintbench	This project is designed to collect different benchmarks for the java.math.* Java library classes.
bigiron	Big Iron is (or will be) a real-time, 3D, first person game of mechanized combat set in the far future.  Players build, customize and operate massive anthropomorphic robots on realistic large scale battlefields in single or multiplayer mode.
bigloo-cudd	The bigloo-cudd is an interface to CUDD, the University of Colorado decision diagram package, for Bigloo, Scheme language compiler
bigloo-lib	A collection of libraries for Bigloo Scheme compiler.
bigloo4windows	A Windows native distribution of Bigloo, a Scheme system that includes an optimizing compiler generating C code, Java classes and .NET CIL files as well as an interpreter.
biglux	Software to help blind people for the use of Linux and all other softwares under Linux, language FRENCH
bigmailer	bigmailer is a program of aid to the communication with clients. \n\nIt handles lists of directions of e-mail and is able to send individualized mails to each one of the adressees.\n\nWriting with Ultimate++ technology.
bigmonetario	Controle monet?rio/financeiro
bignum	bignum is a Miranda library and BigFloat a Haskell type for dealing with infinite-precision values with all arithmetic and scientific functions. Unlike most long-precision calculation systems, it guarantees that every digit it returns is correct.
bignumber	Big Number library written in C++. Designed to be fast, stable and easy to use.
bignumbers	BigNumbers provides the tools to make (normally unreadable) BigDecimal calculations in Java easy. It allows you to express decimal calculations in a friendly way; BigNumbers will in turn take your expressions and turn them into BigDecimal calculations.
bigorangebttns	B.O.B. is a PHP based construction foreman field data reporting system and project management system for small construction firms.
bigpimpin	The goal of this project is to develop a network protocol (Peer Instant Messenger Protocol, PIMP) that creates a distributed, peer-to-peer network for the transmission of instant messages, along with a graphical client that will allow users to access the
bigplay	A computerized version of &quot;Big Play Football&quot;, a freely-distributed table top simulation of (U.S.) football.  The game recreates matches based on statistical performance of players.  Intended uses: simulation for &quot;what if&quot; scenarios, 
bigpress	BigPress is an Content Management System (CMS) for electronic newspapers written in PHP.
bigram-apps	Bi-gram applications based on language models produced by SRILM from Chinese Wikipedia corpus, include Chinese word segmenter, word-based (not character-based) Traditional-Simplified Chinese converter and Chinese syllable-to-word converter.
bigrcms	BigRCMS is meant to be a very easy to use Content Management System. Everyone who has ever successfully used a PC (especially office-applications) should be able to use it. It is available in german only.
bigs	BIGS (roBot Internet manaGement System)  is a remote contol application for the Lego Mindstorms Robotic Invention System
bigshop	Exquisite Commerce System is a user-friendly e-commerce system that features user groups with access rights and roles, multilingual products&#039; catalogs, discounts of any kind, currencies and custom product specifications.
bigsister	Big Sister is an SNMP aware network and system monitor
bigsplash	This project is no longer active
bigtable	BigTable project is meant to research and replicate the features of Google BigTable: A System for Distributed Structured Storage.
bigtrick	Big Trick is intended to be a simple to use Hattrick manager, free to use as Hattrick is.
bigtunes	bigTunes shows what&#039;s playing in iTunes in large type. It&#039;s intended to be read from across the room.
bigtwo	&#039;bigtwo&#039; is an cross-platform object oriented game engine for the card game of &quot;cho dai di&quot; with integrated artificial intelligence to simplify the job of developing game servers/clients for the card game.
bigtwo-gg	Java implementation of the Chinese card game Big Two using the Game Gardens framework.
bigtwo-palmos	BigTwo ver.2 is a improvement of Woo Kok Tong&#039;s work. New features include multi-player game via IRda, Hong Kong rules option, support 5-way Navigation of Palm OS 5 devices, auto-pass of 5-card turn, improved UI and more!
bigyo	Bigyo is a minimalistic, compact container framework written in Java,with main focus is on the runtime component (re)configuration, including JMX and transparent xml-based configuration persistence.
bigzip	BiGZiP is a graphically rich, Java based compression tool. It is developed around a user interface that is easy and intuitive to navigate. It fully supports zip compression and allows for the development of new compression schemes via it&amp;#8217;s APIs
biise	(bee-say) A web-based open-source erp application providing affordable business-to-business integration through the use of rdf/owl technology. We give sme&#039;s the opportunity to reduce operational costs and reduce the risks associated with growth.
bijsapi	This project aims to provide a cross browser JavaScript API tackling the compatibility issues among browsers from different vendors and of different versions.
bijtelling	Demonstration project demonstrating the usage of some Spring functionality
bika	Bika combines web content management and workflow processing for a one-stop web-based LIMS (Laboratory Information Management System) · Built in Plone · Professionally supported · Making waves · bi:ka (Zulu): tell it as it is
bike-server	Hi,\nI am developing this project related to information regarding every bike in the world.\nSo every bike lover who wants information or wants to give any type of information regarding bike visits this site.
bike4lin	It is simple bike logger, which helps you to keep track of your rides and to make some stats of them.
bikedistlog	A small web-based utility where a group of friends can keep track of the distances they&#039;ve covered with their bikes. Users register their bike computer status by the end of the week, and statistics and graphs are created on the fly.
bikepower	Bike Power, calculates the power output and power consumption for bicycling.Given things like riding speed, body weight, hill grade, and wind speed it give you a table with power output and power consumption.
bikerbastard	You are a biker who wants to buy himself a decent bottle of milk. Sadly enough, Aliens have taken over the city and threaten to use up all the valuable milk !So, consequently, you must thoroughly butcher all those aliens to hell...
bikeserver	Bikeserver aims to be a web interface for a mapquest-type service for bicyclists.  It includes documentation on how to build a web server with road information for bicyclists and also the web page front-end.  It relies on GRASS, PostGIS, and Apache.
bikestats	A small website to manage multiple cyclists and their stats for individual rides and efforts.
bikini	A test suite for the AtomAPI  for syndicating, archiving and editing episodic web sites.
biko	Biko is content/module management system. This web-based application allow developer to write a module in his/her own style.
bilarm	Bilarm - sheduling poweron computer
bilauktion	Testing and Completion of data for items on auction. Programming languages: Perl, CGI, C. OS independent, however focus on *NIX platform. Data Processing, Extraction and Reporting, Security Issues. Web user interface translated to english, swedish, germa
bilbotrack	J2ME MidLet for the habitants of Gran Bilbao. The MidLet has the information of all Public Transport timetables of the area of any kind(bus,subway,train). Updatable via internet/WAP/GPRS.
bilding	Bilding -- view and manage a local picture-gallery through your web-browser.
bili	bilin is easy to use, basic information, knowlegde management system.bilin helps to create information, knowledge map of your organization.You can install this web based software that developed with PHP, with any database(MYSQL, ORACLE,etc.)
bilie-e-birilli	Billiard game pins based
bill	Bill is a web panel for printing and managing your bills and customers. It is written in PHP and uses MySQL. Hopefully, Bill will have an export to pdf in the future, and support for different languages and bill layouts.
bill-manager	A utility application for managing any outstanding bills that you owe.
billardgl	BillardGL is a GPL 3D OpenGL Billard Simulator for both Windows and Linux, available as RPM, Windows Setup File and pure code.
billardleague	Billard WebLeague is a PHP and MySQL-based web application system for managing billard tournaments and leagues online.
billboard	Billboard is a dynamic accounting and billing software for Asterisk VOIP software with a web-gui frontend. It&#039;s light-weight and scalable. Requires no database.
billbook	Modulo di contabilit?: package di emissione fatture e tenuta libri contabili per professionisti freelance. This package run on OpenACS-4.6. (www.openacs.org).
billfrog	Web-based time &amp; expense tracking system written with Ruby on Rails with AJAX features for enhanced useability.
billi	Billi is an cash program for groups and familyes. It designed for count your money, look after some bills, and so other standard thinks.
billiardsnine	This will be a java 8ball 9 ball pool game mltiplayer with other options once discussed.
billing	Small billing system for homenets and small ISP
billing-nexus	The Nexus Billing System is a dynamic environment using MySQL, VB 6.0 and other tools to make your accounting and billing environment onto thin client architecture with data recovery and protection services for your excitement this is all available.. roi
billing-service	The application provides service for various customers, each customer being served for one or several different projects. Billable items for each project are recorded at random times and bills are issued either periodically or at any other time.
billingiagl	IAGL0607Marie&#039;s Billing project for Master&#039;s degree in Software Engineering (University of Lille1 France) : Development of a software which provides Billing for the OQube Company.
billinglive	Telecommunuications Billing System, complete CRM (Customer Relations Manager) capable of importing CDRs producing invoices and automated provisioning via call traffic carriers.
billingproject	Simple customer billing system using non-standard and open-source software (ledger, latex), to be used by SOHO.
billit	A convergent white-label billing system incorporating CRM, rating, billing, bill finalisation, order management and provisioning sub-systems
billix	Billix is a multiboot Linux-based distribution for use with a USB key. It derives from distros such as Damn Small Linux, and Puppy Linux. It also enables network installation of several Linux distros via the USB key.
billmate	A web based system to manage and distribute household bills and expenses among the members of the household.
billmin	A small plugin for webmin/virtualmin that will automatically handle billing, customer invoices, and freezing/unfreezing a customer&#039;s domain.
billparser	This is a small command-line program to split a phone bill into several seperate ones to categorise the calls (e.g. for illustration which family member phones how much). It generates HTML files and is able to send them to specified email adresses.
billpayments	A point of sale program which takes Utilities payments for up to 100 companies, it then prints a receipt to an Epson TM-210 or any printer connected to LPT1 or parallel port. It also adds a dollar fee.
billr	Recalculating Billing System.
billreminder	BillReminder is a small and quick accounting application designed to allow for easy tracking of bills. Re-written entirely in python/gtk!
billthru-lib	PHP library class for backend API integration with the BillThru.com recurring billing application.  As well as the web based frontend, Billthru offers an API integration similar to AuthorizeNet&#039;s AIM.
billy	Billy is a simple java Othello 10x10 board that can take a game file in the SGF format as command line argument.
billy-hard	This is a billiard game simulating two types of billiard rules. It is in 3D, has single player, double player and net playing modes.
billyards	Open BillYards pool game is developed in C# using CSGL. It&#039;s main plattform is Windows. The game will support single player as well as multiplayer, networked or in place.
billybons	Yet another attempt to create free billing system for internet providers. This project is in planning stage.
billygoat	A tool for working with OGRE 3d meshes based on the QT GUI toolkit.
billzilla	BillZilla: The Universal Billing And Provisioning System (Dialup, Broadband, VoIP, etc.)
biloba	Biloba is a very innovating tactical board game. It than can be played by 2, 3 or 4 players and against the computer (AI). After installing the game you will be abble to play on the same computer or online against your opponents.
bilread	Simple program for reading texts in two languages
bim	Bluetooth Instant Messanger. Supports ad hoc creating bluetooth network infrastructure for instant messanging. Supports two levels of work, via ad hoc infrastructure and via server-client infrastructure.
bim-im	BIM is a Java based AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) Client  featuring a full feature Swing GUI.  BIM also comes with encryption support.  It has a small code base (617KB w/encryption libs) and can be easily dropped and run on wide array of operating systems.
bimber	All 32-bit MS Windows (95/98/NT/2000/XP)
bimbrowse	BimBrowse is a free browser, originaly created for BIMSEM Mechelen. It&#039;s a shell around Internet Explorer, and it&#039;s created because we weren&#039;t satisfied with IE. It futures a web browser and a simple RTF editor
biml	biml is a Boolean calculator Implemented in Many Languages. The goal is to have a simple calculator that takes a boolean expression and returns a truth table in a large number of languages, written by many people.
bimmerjack	This is a blackjack game.
bimmermedia	bimmerMEDIA is a software package designed to control a linux machine with the BMW integrated IBUS system and connect to the other integrated systems (lcd displays, stereo) to make the bimmer a multimedia car.
bimos	BiMOS - Built in Media Operating System. The purpose of this system is to replace the functionality of traditional BIOS chips. Incorporate &quot;Quick Start&quot; launching of media, DVD, Radio, TV... The ROM will have an onboard OS (linux) and multiboot
bims	Business Integration Manegement System (BIMS) provides a framework to address the problem of automating and integrating business processes and interactions between companies.
bin-clock-face	If a binary clock could have a face, what would it look like?
bin2cpp	&quot;bin2cpp&quot; is a little Tool for converting binary files in a C/C++ header file, so it can be used in other C++/C Programms (i.e. for putting a programm into another!).
bin2obj	bin2obj is a command-line utility that converts a file into an .obj file (MS COFF and OMF .obj supported. conversion to .cpp, .c, and .h also supported)
bin2uue	&quot;bin2uue&quot; is a simple dialog application that allows you to Encode/Decode small (&lt;1MB) binary files,it was designed to fit the needs of Windows users,it combines encoding/decoding in one program with low memory footprint.
bina	Visualization toolkit for several biological data (e. g. regulatory and metabolic networks or gene expression analysis) using a BN++ database.
binaclock	A Binary clock, allowing conversion between conventional, julian, and binary time formats. Excellent resource for teaching binary, or for those needing to store times in a different, but easily implemented method.
binah	Binah is a tool that allows both real-time and off-line visualization of multi-threaded Java program execution to provide an additional perspective for understanding and debugging.
binar	BINAR - &quot;&#039;B&#039; Identifies Number of &#039;A&#039; Remotely&quot; intends to &quot;listen&quot; the DTMF codes sent by Caller ID in some countries like Brazil, and take configurable actions.
binars	BINARS is a music sequencer for Linux, using ALSA for sequencing.  A GUI written in Qt is supplied.
binarts	The goal is to make a turn based game that can be played &quot;semi-offline&quot;, based in a client-server architecture in which the clients submit their intentions for a given turn, the server proccesses everyone&#039;s turn when all turns are availabl
binary	Modular Multi-Platform Compiler/Assembler/Linker/Construction Tools and Utility Libraries
binary-ape	Various programs I&#039;ve written or adapted for network and system administration tasks. Some are fully prepared for distribution, others are likely to be broken until you adapt them to your environment. Nothing exciting here, but maybe something usefu
binary-becky	Binary Becky is an artificial intelligence project combining the personality power of AIML with comprehensive logic and reasoning algorithms, concept-oriented language translations and a robust API library for easy plug-in creation.
binary-clock	A fully portable tiny app outputting the current time to STDOUT, in a format similar to that of the binary LED-clock available from http://www.thinkgeek.com.
binaryboard	The Binary Board System (BBS) is a complete Perl/SQL solution. Its features include a complete user login system, a multi-board interface with easy administration and categorization, and ease of customization that sets it apart from the rest.
binaryclock	A binary clock for your Windows Computer. It displays currently the actual time in LEDs which display binary codes. It is very small and looks cool ;-) Suggestions for improvements are welcome!
binaryfinary	binaryfinary is a binary file format viewer/editor. Profiles are written which describe binary file formats e.g. media files formats, TCP packets, compression formats. Binaryfinary provides an XML-DTD so that these templates can be described in XML.
binarygold	Binarygold is a CRM application designed for corporate intranets. It is written in PHP.
binaryphp	BinaryPHP is a PHP To C++ converter which will convert PHP scripts into C++ equivalents ready to be compiled using any ANSI compiler.
binarypix	BinaryPix is a Tool to create &quot;Binary-Visual&quot; Code out of ASCII-Text Then it places it on a choosen picture. Then you are able to water-mark your pictures with the &quot;binary-hidden&quot; code.
binaural	A simple C program for GNU/Linux systems to synthesize a sound signal with binaural beats: when listened to with headphones, the distinct frequencies of the two channels interfere in the brain to produce a difference frequency in the EEG range.
binbo	BINBO es un software gratuito que puede ser utilizado bajo cualquier plataforma y/o servidor. Es un c?digo adaptable para actualizar y mantener todo un sitio con s?lo estar conectado. BINBO es sencillez, versatilidad, y velocidad para su web.
binclock	Fullscreen console &quot;binary clock&quot;.
bincmp	bincmp is intended as a cross-platform, tiny and fast binary comparer of two files. it is much faster than fc /b, for example.
binconv	This utility will convert any binary file into an array in the programming language of your choice. Currently supported are VB, C/C++, and PHP.
bind-dlz	Objective: To add capabilities to Bind 9 that will allow Bind backend databases to support adding and removing zones without interrupting normal server operation.
bind-mrtg	BIND-MRTG is a setup script that easily allows the user to configure a local MRTG process on the nameserver that monitors basic server stats such as CPU, Memory, and Network Utilization as well as BIND9 specific metrics for each individual zone.
bind-pe	A simplified ISC BIND distribution aimed to allow final users to easily setup a &quot;local&quot; caching DNS resolver to speed up DNS queries and to avoid some &quot;problems&quot; related to DNS resolution, the target platform is currently the Microsof
bind-secondary	This is Python script to automate task of adding slave zones on a set of Secondary DNS servers. Used in middle/big ISP and Web Hosting companies to make administration of multiple DNS servers easier. Using XML/RPC it distributes named.conf entries to the
bind4j	Simple databind api for java with auto type convertion. Normally used for UI framework to bind from data source to data-control and retrieve back. Echo and Swing can benifit from it, and it can be used for other purpose too.
bind9-adm	We want to develop a Frontend to administrate Bind9 Config-Files and Zone&#039;s.\nYou can use it either on Console, on a TK Frontend or via Browser
bind9admin	BIND9admin Web-interface
bindas	bindas-BINary DisASsembler\n************\nbindas is a OpenSource Software which will be able to disassemble executable files.\nIt will disassemble file formats like PE,ELF and other popular file formats available in Windows and Linux for Intel Machines.
bindbender	A utility to generate and manage key binds for the game City of Heroes. It will not alter the game itself but rather create external text files that may be loaded directly via the game client. The code is in Java (targeted at J2SE 1.4).
binddata2ui	Connects Java objects and Swing user interface controls. Specifying underlying object for a control, along with a method to extract property value from the object, allows value to be displayed and edited in the control.
bindenlicht	Bindenlicht is a Java(tm) binding for the Irrlicht Engine, bringing a high quality open source 3D engine to the Java(tm) platform.
binder	Binder is a web based DNS Management system. A control panel for Bind.
binding	Safris Technologies (ST) XML Binding is an XML xsd schema binding solution for Java. With support for a wide variety of XML definition constructs, ST XML Binding is able to generate logical class / object based representations of XML documents.
bindlet	Bindlets provide a fully customizable, light-weight mechanism for Java to XML binding. A simple code generator for XML Schema based specification is provided, as well as a default, introspecting bindlet implementation. Good alternative to Castor.
bindmaker	CZ Bind Maker is a custom buy script and configuration editor for Counter-Strike 1.6, Condition Zero and Counter-Strike: Source.  It provides point and click, buy scripting and configuration editing capabilities.
bindme	BindMe est un logiciel utilitaire destiné la la réalisation de binds pour Counter Strike Source (CSS). Bref, Ce keybinder est indispensable pour tout joueur qui se respecte. (Framework .NET 2.0 nécessaire, Setup sous forme msi, sources VB 2005 express
bindmin	The purpose of this project is to provide a web based interface for managing ISC&#039;s DNS and DHCP servers. This work is based off the original DNS management tool, BINDMIN, written by the author of this project and currently used by a Fortune 500 comp
bindump	PED is a dumper for common binary executables, prividing disassembly information, resources, etc
bindx0r	Bindx0r is a web application for configuring and *modifying* keyboard mappings for game config files (e.g. Quake3).  It aims to be unobtrusive, intuitive, lightweight, powerful, and retargetable.  Bindx0r is written entirely in Client-side Javascript.
bing	bing is a recursive acronym for &quot;bing is not gnome&quot;.Aim is to develop a desktop environment based on opengl.
binge	binge is an open-source java game engine. It is designed to permit rapid development of java games in a object-oriented environment.
bingo	bingo is a free multiplayer verision of the chance game bingo.
bingo-cards	GPL bingo card printing program (numeric, letter bingo and picture bingo). Also prints a calling sequence (equivalent to the output from a barrel full of balls). XML output for later linking to multimedia engine.
bingoadminutil	The B.A.U. (BinGO! Admin Util) is a small PHP-program under GPL to change the default interface and WAN partner of the BinTec BinGO! router. Most times it will be used to switch from one ISP to another very fast. It can be used under every OS supporting 
bingobuilder	The Bingo Builder project is a .NET Windows Forms application that is designed to create bingo games meant to be used in an educational environment to help teach students related concepts and ideas.
bingocardmaker	BingoCardMaker automates the process of generating random bingo cards from a group of images. The cards it creates are highly customizable; you can change their size, title, colours, output format, and filenames -- all through a user-friendly interface.
bingocms	Bingo CMS is not an ordinary CMS, but rather a CMS Operating System that will run different modules (Applications) offering a greater amount of flexibility,  fitting itself to your exact needs.
bingogo	BingoGo is a peer to peer Bingo game that written with Java programming language.
bingoo	This project is written in java and the goal is to manage files and directories with advanced features. This is a multi-OS explorer.
bingoware	Web based Bingo software.  The software allows the user to generate a given number of Bingo cards which can then be printed or viewed at any time.  In game mode, the software generates random Bingo numbers and displays a list of winners and numbers drawn
bingox	BingoX is an open source, object oriented Web Application Framework written in mod_perl meant to dramatically reduce the time required to build large dynamic, database driven web sites and applications.
binhgiang	-HTMLParser : Pure Java HTML DOM parser, support HTML 4.0.1. It is a fast, syntax checker, automatically closes elements with optional end tags; and can handle mismatched inline element tags.\\n -VietSpider : Vietnam exploitation of information.
bini	A business to business exchange where companies can invite their suppliers to register to recieve rfqs. Shows how to develop a best of breed internationalisable J2EE site on fully open source software - struts, JBoss, mysql.
binify	Binify creates binary files from a text description. Among other uses, it provides a clean and easy way to construct binary files using text processing tools (eg shell scripts).
binimage	A perl script, which uses version 2 of the GD library to transform an image. The resulting image consists of random chosen nulls and ones with a color approximating the color of the original picture.
binja	Discussion Board in Java
bink4j	Java port of BinkD TCP/IP fidonet mailer.
binky	Email gateway, also known as an autoresponder and webmail service.  Allows downloading of local files, web pages, images, and access to utilities such as nslookup and whois.  All the user needs is an email client.
binmami	biNMaMi is a front-end for the open-source FirewallPAPI for Windows. It allows easy installation and configuration of the firewall.
binman	binMan is usenet reader written in Java, aimed at making the process of downloading usenet binaries easier. It supports serveral encodings (yEnc, uuencoding, ...). It uses the binIndex webservice to lookup files. It supports PAR2 to validate/repair files
binml	BinML is a specification and a Java library. It takes XML specifications of (binary) file formats as input and while parsing a binary file it builds an Abstract File Tree containing all the information in a more processing friendly format.
bino	In BINO (Bino Is Not Oxyd), your objective is to locate and uncover matching pairs of Oxyd stones. Simple as it sounds, this task is made more difficult by the fact that Oxyd stones tend to be hidden, inaccessible or protected by unexpected traps.
binocle	The goal of this project is to develop a library which implements reconstructive stereovision and stereo-correlation. In other terms, the goal of this library is to build a 3D model of a scene from two pictures of a same object taken from different angle
binpacker	This project is an attempt to solve 3D Bin Packing Problem. That is basically is packing a set number of boxes to ONE bin. User interface runs on OpenGL using &#039;Quantum energy&#039; engine which is developed as part of this project.
binpatch	binpatch is a program designed for the automated patching of binary files.  binpatch uses the binpatch scripting (bps) language to control the way files are patched.
binpayload	This project is a simple bin file randomly generated. It&#039;s main goal is to be a test file to download speed meters.
binpost	BinPost is a multiplatform yEnc binaries poster. It is written in Java using IBMs opensource SWT classes. Also using XML technology.
binscan	Need to find struct{}s for binary file formats? Try them out on the fly, change file offset, instant readout. Binscan is your tool.
bintoo	a full featured Binary Distro Based on Gentoo which contains full binary packages and programs and System Installer and System Control Panel .
binverse	This game is an MMORPG in various UNIX scripting languages, with a graphical shell accessed by SSH for the client. It will support Linux, Windows, and MacOS X. It is meant to be immersive and allows in-game coding.
binwebnews	A Web-based usenet news reader written in C++
bio	Site de maraicher associatif et biologique
bio-bat	Biological Annotation Tool is a general-purpose high speed environment for manipulating biological sequence annotations in multiple input and output formats.  A plugin-style API permits much extensibility.
bio-info	Development of applications based on immune system mechanisms.
bio-metabolic	A Perl Extension for modeling enzymatic (biochemical) reaction networks
bio-papi	PAPI is a platform independent phylogenic API, based on PHYLIP (Joe Felsenstein).
bio-parse-swiss	A Perl module that provides methods for retrieving each and every field from a standard SwissProt file.
bio-util	A project for various tiny tools regardings computational biology
bio-wormbase	Bio-WormBase provides a suite of software for the installation and monitoring of a WormBase mirror site.
bio2go	This project use the open source Protege knowledge base tool to create knowledge base version of the main public database of genomic data available on the internet (GO, Kegg, Entrez) to draw biological pathway.
bio2jack	A library to speed the porting of general purpose bio(blocking io, OSS/ALSA) audio applications to the Jack audio server(http://jackit.sourceforge.net).
bio2rdf	The Bio2RDF project is a tool to convert bioinformatics data and knowledge bases to RDF format. It is a kind of generalized rdfizer for bioinformatic application, and it is a place for the semantic web life science community to develope and grow.
bio7	An integrated development environment for ecological modelling
bioacc	Extended Bioaccumulation Framework (ExBAF) is a tool for assessing bioaccumulation in foodwebs. Supports several bioaccumulation models and provides tools for analysis and visualization.
bioapi	A easy to use set of utilities for bioinformatics that work out of the box without having to import or include too many other libraries, these will form a workbench for the everyday work of a bioinformatician.
bioauth	BioAuth is an application which tries to use face detection and recognition algorithms.
biobase	Biological sample supervisor. Plant material and more (cellular, genetics).
biobox	Biobox is an alife program based (loosely) on soda constructor at www.sodaplay.com. The main differences being that it is 3d, and involves evolution (natural selection will provided by the user initially).
biobrowser	BioBrowser is a portal to the existing Bioinformatics universe.It encompasses in itself all the countries major servers related. Also hyperlinks major nucleotide,genomic,proteomics databases to name a few. Also supports major softwares related to systems
biobuilder	BioBuilder is a framework for building protein-centric bioinformatics databases, using the Zope application server.
biocartridge	BioCartridge aims to provide biologists and bioinformaticians a one stop shop for all their biological data needs. Just plug a cartridge in and it becomes instantly available to your system.
biocentrica	It moves by itself inside networks like virus infection &amp; plagues, it is being written to solve computer virus problem drastically and responsibly. It is legal, free and open for public domain to improve W3 ICT Security.
bioclipse	An open source workbench for chemo- and bioinformatics built on the Eclipse Rich Client Platform (RCP).
biocm	BioCM is Biological Content Manager: a Zope/Plone/Biopython product to manage, share and publish biological annotations on the web.
biocpp	The BioC++ project provides an accessible and comprehensive framework of C/C++ tools and libraries for computational biology.
biocreative	BioCreAtIvE: Critical Assessment of Information Extraction Systems in Biology is a community wide evaluation that compares the performance of systems which automatically mine biomedical text.
biocsharp	BioCSharp is an open-source project designed to provide a bioinformatics .NET framework for processing biological data. It will include objects for manipulating sequences, file parsers, DAS, database access and analysis and statistical routines.
biodat	Large set of functions for biological records, datastore, datamining and analysis.
biodatadisplay	The aim of this project is to display some medical heart-data via open gl.
biodataserver	The BioDataServer is a database integration system. It implements a mediator-wrapper architecture and offers a SQL interface. The data integration is based on user defined intergrated schema and adapter that wrap any kind of data source.
biodb	BioDB enables Biology researchers to build a database and it\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;s web interface from raw experiment data, without the knowledge of SQL and web programming.
biodom	BioDOM is a JAVA library for easy creation of XML files according to simple XML schemas for describing biological data. It can also be used to convert other commonly used biological (possibly non-)XML data into these new formats.
bioengine	Bioinformatic C++ library providing a central engine to other bio* libraries.
bioera	BioEra is DSP visual designer that can be used to create interfaces between human being and a machine with using bio signals like EEG, QEEG, HEG, EMG, ECG, GSR, EOG, visual/sound entrainment and others.
bioeval	BioEval, a web-based evaluation platform for one or multiple biomedical text extraction systems and the collaborative creation of gold standards. Handles evaluation of extraction of one to many related entities, plus supporting evidence and normalization
bioflash	Production d&#039;une application en Flash concernant la biologie.
biofloweb	BioFloWeb is a standalone web application linking and processing web services for bioinformatics purposes.
biogenesis	Biogenesis simulates the processes involved in the evolution of unicellular organisms. It tries to be a didactic approximation to the ideas of mutation or evolution and can be enjoyed also as an entertainment.\nBiogenesis is based on Primordial Life.
biogeomancer	Framework for web-based georeferencing of natural history collections and observations.
biogeotools	BioGeoTools is a Java based package that is aimed at providing a program and libraries for biogeorgaphy analyses.
biograph	bioGraph is a set of PHP scripts which can be used in enzyme assays. Currently, this includes pH, Temperature, Michaelis-Menten and Lineweaver-Burke plots.
biographnet	BioGraphNet is a &#039;sandbox&#039; within BioMOBY, comprising a common standard and collection of services for sharing distributed protein-interaction network information.  We now serve several network data types, and encourage others to participate.
biogrid	Biological General Repository for Interaction Datasets (BioGRID) is a curated biological database of protein-protein interactions. It strives to provide a comprehensive resource of Protein-Protein interactions for all major species.
bioimagexd	BioImageXD - free open source software for analysis, processing and 3D rendering of multi dimensional, multi data channel, time series image data from microscopy and other sources.
bioinformants	Bioinformants is a agent test bed for analysis of biodata over the web. It is also a collection of tools for DNA sequences analysis and gen prediction.
bioinformatics	This project involves working with existing open source, public domain bioinformatics software that analyzes amino acid sequences in order to identify structural domains therein.  We will address common limitations of many existing programs.
bioinformer	DNAGalaxy is an attempt to produce an open-source bioinformatics software alternative to the expensive DNAStar Lasergene software. Its features currently include Blast and Entrez searching, a frontend to clustal and a sequence editor. It requires java1.5
bioinforread	Python Classes to read and process PubMed or MedLine xml record files, for use in Natural Language Processing modules. They can handle the XML format used by PubMed and MedLine services, for example as returned by eutils online services.
bioinstitute	Bioinstitute is a developer forum based on knowledge management system.
biolap	BIOLAP - OLAP for Genome and Biology Data Sets. This project extends Mondrian OLAP to biology data sets. We provide tools to slice and dice genomic sequence similarities and more easily explore large genomic data sets.
biolayout3d	Tool for the visualisation and analysis of biological network or expression based data.
biolingua	BioLingua is a semi-autonomous biological reasoning and discovery system that integrates techniques from bioinformatics, machine learning, and knowledge representation.  It is intended to be used by molecular biologists to assist in their research and di
biolit	BioLit is a web-based bibliographic management system, particulary for biological science.
biom-cpp	BIOM - C++ Libraries for Biological Mathematics.
bioma	BioMa is a specimen based Biodiversity database Manager. It is designed to store, organize, and manipulate biodiversity-related scientific data, either for the purposes of museums, scientific collections, or research projects.
biomail	BioMail is a small web-based application for medical researchers, biologists, and anyone who wants to know the latest information about a disease or a biological phenomenon.
biomas	The Biomas project offers java code for the evolution of the bodily structure and behaviour of articulated creatures which occupy a simple simulated Newtonian physics.
biomasstoliquid	Project to develop a design for a biomass to liquid conversion system, using fast pyrolysis.
biome	Biome is a C++ library for the development of (individual-based) simulations.
biomechanic	Biomechanic is a character development environment for complex 3d characters for use in animation and video game production.  All character data (joints, constraints, geometry, etc) is stored as xml data for modular use in this procedural system.
biomedsim	UMLSSimPack is C# library for measuring semantic distance/similarity between of UMLS concepts.
biometrics	Open source biometrics and utilities: Implementations of biometric algorithms, Biometric testing utilities, Data exchange format definitions, and other useful biometric utilies and documentation
biometricsdk	Open source biometric SDK that can match, identify people through there finger print. I hope to make a Java, C# and C++ version of the biometrics SDK.The aim is to make a commercially competitive fingerprint matching SDK.
biomodels	BioModels Database is a data resource that allows biologists to store, search and retrieve published mathematical models of biological interests. Models presented are annotated and linked to relevant data resources.
biomusic	Java based system for creating Bio-Musical Worlds. Investigating the use of AI (flocking,A-Life, Genetic Algorithms, Neural Networks) and other bio-modelling techniques for the creation and evolution of musical landscapes.
bion	bion is a classical biorhytm program which uses both a console based and web based system to display the physical, emotional and intelectual variations based on the users date of birth so that it can be easily integrated with other applications.
biona	BIONA is a project framework for Bulgarian small business. This framework is based on open source and QT3 (GPL licence) and include modules for Accounting (General Ladger, AP, AR, VAT, and etc.), Store, POS, Clients, Vendors, Billing, Generator for Repor
bionanny	Bionanny is a tool for Web Services providers. It allows to monitor other Web Services. It can intercept requests incoming from clients, pass it to the destination Web Service and log number of requests and elapsed time spend by services.
bionet	Componente para Joomla! que muestra el horóscopo de http://bionet.virtualmedia.es directamente en joomla. A través de la parte de administración del componente se puede elegir el aspecto gráfico de las predicciones.
bionetwork	Project to create random biological networks and analyze motifs in them
bionicbots	BionicBots is a game where you program bots that act like a cross between robots and animals.
bionlp	BioNLP is an initiative by the University of Colorado Denver Health Sciences Center to create and distribute code, software, and data for applying natural language processing techniques to biomedical texts.
bionote	BioNote is a knowledge base that combines unstructured wiki technology with structured annotation to form a collaborative environment.  BioNote adds the concepts of page types and semi-structured annotation to extend the unstructured nature of wiki pages
bioorganizer	BioOrganizer is a modular Ruby program aimed at providing an organization tool for biological information.
biopackages	Packages for bioinformatics, and the software needed to build them
biopax	BioPAX - A data exchange format for biological pathway information
biopod	APC Biopod is a usb fingerprint sensor. This project provides linux driver for this device. Check http://www.purecode.ch for more projects!
bioportal	This is a set of components and modules that will be created for Joomla, wikis or other content management systems (CMSs) that extend these CMS for applications in biological research, and in particular large collaborations.
biopost	BioPost aims to develop a portable, open source system for the retrieval and integration of data about biological entities from public resources.
biopostgres	BioPostgres is a collection of modules that extend PostgreSQL for applications in Computational Biology. These modules implement new datatypes with query operators and other tools for large-scale query and analysis.
biopro	BioPro project has been moved to http://www.bioera.net/
biopy-apps	This will provide a framework for inter-related bioinformatics data, editing and analysis software, where the nodes are the data repositories (ZODB) and the connections are analysis/editing software. Nodes and connections can be added via plugins.
bioquery	BioQuery is a bioinformatics tool that acts as a query builder for genetic, protein, publication, and other biomedical databases. BioQuery is also an update service that periodically resubmits saved searches and sends you new data as it is found.
bioquest	An animal guessing game.\nThe program takes the role of a zoologist and tries to guess an animal by asking questions about animal properties (ancestry, habitat, etc.)\nCLI so far.\nA GUI with visualization for educational purpose is intended in the future.
biorbit	BiOrbit is a small Biological information project -- scripts and other useful stuff for the IT &amp; Biology world.
biorhythm	Calculates and shows your biorhythm at any day, composed by your intellectual, your emotional and your physical states.
biorithms	Program which calcs biorithms written using GTK
bios	A web base internet cafe billing system for Linux.Base on PHP,MySQL. With Client and Operator / Administrator interface.Provide remote shutdown, reboot, list running app., terminate app, take screenshoot, etc. And of course set the billing price.
biosap	BioSap-Blast Integrated Oligonucleotide Selection Accelerator Package. BioSap selects unique oligos for microarrays by detecting user-defined parameters and running parallel instances of Featurama and Blast on compute engines, producing xml output files.
bioscanners	Parsers for biological data based on scanner generators like Flex (C), Re2c(C), Jflex (Java) and Ifickle (Tcl). This scanner generators are providing easier maintainance, development and higher speed than hand written scanners.
bioschemas	The BioSchemas project develops XML schemas for the exchange of biological data e.g. through SOAP-based web services. It is a collaborative and open  project intended to increase the interoperability between bioinformatics applications.
biosconfig	biosconfig is a flexible tool to automate CMOS non-volatile store parameter modification.
bioscrypt-sdk	A Wrapp Library for Bioscrypt Devices Management using .NET Framework 1.1
biosdiskiolib	BiosDiskIO is a library of Int 13h PC BIOS Disk Operations.  The primary purpose is to provide quick-and-dirty access to low-level disk services, especially for file system developers and forensic analysts.
biosgrid	As by far the most famous bio-ontology, Gene Ontology (GO) is widely used for annotation of genes and gene products coming from different organisms. However, there exist some shortcomings in RDF (Resource Description Framework) data provided by GO consor
biosis	This projects aims to develop a repository for biological data along with bioinformatic algorithms.
biosketch	Web application to create biographical sketches required by NIH.
biosphere	Bio-SPHERE aims to create a flexible, secure and multimodal biometric platform for applications that require biometrics. Bio-SPHERE is formed by a network of interacting nodes that interface with biometric hardware and offer biometric functions.
biospice	Our goal is to create an open source framework and toolset for modeling dynamic cellular network functions, and to develop a user community committed to using, extending and exploiting these tools to further our knowledge of biologic processes.
biosqueak	Biosqueak is an Open Source project intended to allow the Squeak Smalltalk community (see http://squeak.org/) to contribute tools designed to solve problems in computational bioscience.
biostream	BioStream enables bioinformatics researchers to create, query and apply tools to their own databases. It supports sequence files and other data types by allowing the creation of metadata definition files.
bioswriter	BIOS Writer copies the settings of your PC&#039;s BIOS to a small image file. You can then restore that image file (and therefore it&#039;s settings) at a later date. With proper scripting (not included), it can be used to change BIOS settings across a c
biotcl	Project provides some Tcl/Tk procedure for manipulating Biology data. And, attributed to the clarity of the Tcl code, it is also useful for education.
biotogo	This project create bioinformatic applications with the Protege ontology editor.
biotope	Highly-configurable simulation of a biotope with user-specified animal species and terrain types. Command-line interface; user-friendly format of the input data. MS-Windows needed. Feel free to continue in the developement.
biotr	Project moved to http://www.sf.net/projects/bchat Package-name bbot.
biounzip	Biounzip is a program which is capable of decompressing the BioZip (.bzf) format.  This format is used on the Neverwinter Nights (original client) disk 2.
bioupdates	Autopatch Update whit Critical Updates Windows XP since 2003 to September 2006 in a PacthInstall Autorepair® Version ENU
bioviewer	A C++/SDL/OpenGL player for the Biovision .bvh file format, which stores hierarchical motion data commonly originating from motion capture hardware.  Support for the Kaydara .fbx format (a general 3D interchange format) is planned.
biovis	Biovis has been replaced by the GenoViz project.  (The domain www.biovis.org was taken - so we decided to use a different project name.)  If you are looking for the biovis project, visit http://sourceforge.net/projects/genoviz.
bioviz	Bioviz aims to promote software development for visualization and analysis of genomic data.
biowarfare	BioWarefare is a turn based strategy game were the defending immune system, of the host body, must fight off the attacking germs.
biowebauth	BioWebAuth (Biometrics for Web Authentication) is an open source Java framework intended to provide single sign-on web authentication based on BioAPI-compliant biometric software or devices. It uses the JA-SIG Central Authentication Service architecture.
bioweka	The aim of the BioWeka project is to add bioinformatics functionalities such as e.g. alignments to the popular machine learning framework Weka.
bip	A lightweight irc proxy written in C with nifty features such as replaying partial log on client connect and SSL.
bipac	PHP/HTML IP accounting table displaying in/outgoing traffic accumulated a) this month and b) since the manual counter was last reset for any host in a subnet. Data is counted by a set of IP tables rules and stored in a mysql database.
bips	bips is a perl script that helps to restrict access to installed commands on a linux system using a parser that filters input before it goes to the bash.
birat	BIRAT is a full featured, research based Internet survey system that allows for the creation, delivery, analysis, and export of results to statistical packages. You can install BIRAT on your servers or use ours at no cost.
birbal	birbal is an item-attribute matching application engine originally developed for the OSI license wizard. It can be used for any item-attribute matching such as food item-recipe matching.
birc	Windows IRC client based on the library libircclient. Supports full color display, DCC, and multiple server connections.
birch	Birch is a PHP4 project allowing users to create their own Yahoo! style directories.  The source was derived from the phpHoo2 project, but includes new features including soft-linking of categories and a more powerful admin interface.
birchfs	Birch is a metadata search file system, that presents Spotlight metadata queries as directories, and files within directories are matches to those searches.
bircwindow	bircwindow is an IRC window implementation for 32bit versions of Windows. This window was created to look and feel like the window that is used in mIRC. It was programmed with speed and efficiency in mind.
bird-net	Bird.net is a program for birders. With bird.net you can register your sightings.
bird-park	Bird Park Tycoon is a strategy game for Windows, and is similar to games such as Rollercoaster Tycoon and zoo Tycoon, allowing you to build a bird park.
birdblog	BirdBlog is a PHP/MySQL blogging system, based on an engine similar to BirdBoard (http://www.birdboard.org). This system is designed to be faster and more flexible than current blog systems available, while keeping its simplicity.
birdchat	Bird Chat is a chat client / server software designed with an easy and simple interface. The installer make it fast to install both on server and clients.
birdclassifier	Program performs bird species recognition by their voices. In early stage of development but working well with some popular species and good samples quality.
birdinfotracker	Bit is a program to track all the birds in a pet store&#039;s inventory.
birdlogger	A bird logging program to aid ornithologists and bird watchers in logging sighting birds.  In Visual Basic, for Windows and Linux. English and French.
birdmaster	Birdmaster is the complete logging and reporting system for bird watchers. Featuring an open ended birding sites hierachy that can be extended to any practical level, full life, year and site reporting and comprehensive data entry
birdpix	A web app for creating a repository of pictures (our focus is birds).  Users submit pictures, with a wizard that generates RDF descriptiors. Sumissions are forwarded to Admins for aproval. Instances will export the RDF so that repositories may cooperate.
birdseye	Bird&#039;s Eye is a management framework with the goal of providing a &quot;bird&#039;s eye&quot; view of distributed Unix systems.  It aims to provide similar functionality to HP IT/Operations (minus the network management), with more flexible message 
birdspot	This is a data collection and analysis project that aims to collate reports of bird sightings in the Indian region into a database as well as to develop software tools for the visualization and analysis of such data.
birdweights	birdweights is a a package of scripts to analyze data from an automated system for the measurement of mass and identification of birds at perches.
birdy	BirDy is a comic management tool. It simply allows you to index the integrality of your collection (album, paraBD, magazine) with a fully GUI swing interface. It uses some libraries like Hibernate, JFreechart, VLDocking and so on.
birem	This is a small console program written in perl, which show you birthdays from the kadressbook file.
birmail	Utility to help run Birthright role-playing games.  The program tracks all aspects of a turn as well as creation of web pages used to display character information.
birne	Birne is a CD burning program and acts as a frontend for cdrecord and mkisofs. It is written in Python around the pygtkmvc framework and has a nice Gtk+ interface. Major design goal is simplicity and clarity.
birotech	This project aims at creating a graphics library of bitmap rotation techniques in C++, and possibly other languages. The availability of different routines will allow the user to test and choose the one with best quality/speed ratio.
birthdates	A small tool to manage birthdates on UIQ-Smartphones from SonyEricsson. Target devices are P800, P900 and P910.
birthday	Displays a list of events, such as birthdays, which will come up in the next couple of weeks.
birthdayremind	Ever miss a birthday? I did. That&#039;s why I created this program to remind me of upcoming birthdays. It uses Mac OS X&#039;s Address Book.
birujiup	The Biruji Uploader is a Java Applet that will help in the process of upload images/photographs to the Biruji gallery site from most modern web browsers.
bis	Boot Integrity Services (BIS) is a CDSA application. BIS adds digital signatures to boot images obtained via PXE and DHCP/BOOTP protocols. BIS includes tools for creating keys, certificates, and digital signatures, and remotely configuring BIS clients.
biscuitlog	Biscuitlog is a database AND community for information on sound recordings. It allows users to share information on obscure musical recordings and friendly banter as well.
biscuits	A collection of tools to help in the creation of 3D graphics which are to assist in and improve various areas of the production pipeline in particular the creation and management of very large scale 3D graphics scenes.
bisdk-ee	BIS(tm) Development Kit EE protects your Java(tm) EE application from reverse engineering and your algorithms and ideas from the plagiarism. It also protects your enterpise data from stealing.
bisf	Bash Iptables Script Firewall is designed to a simple protection of your system. It was designed for new users.
bisfhkn	bis is a monitoring system for computing centres. it contains the bis-server-framework which monitors the services.
bishop	Bishop is an implementation of a language and an environment used to make java domain classes interact with http and template engines. Thus providing the first true web enabled mvc architecture.
bisip	Bioinformatics tool for prediction of transcription factor binding sites. Motif search based on iterative refinement and a likelihood scoring function. Written in C. Developed in Linux, but should compile under all platforms.
bisker	Bisker is a simple cgi scanner written in C language for GNU/linux platforms. It&#039;s an useful tool to find critical or dangerous cgis/folders/files on local and remote machines (also through proxy).
bisna	A PHP to PHP Compiler, with multiple enhacers support, extensible grammar, and smart caching
bisoncpp	The  program bisonc++ creates a C++ parser function and -class having a cleaner setup than the code generated by Alain Coetmeur&#039;s bison++. Furthermore, since bisonc++ more closely follows current-day ideas about C++ programming its code is easier to
bisquest	Bisquest is a fork of SQL Ledger pre-loaded with the Australian chart of Account. It also contains additional features include Payroll, Dynamic Menus setup and detailed Ledger reports. Also currently are designs for Fixed Assets, Timesheet and Budget.
bisquillagen	Bisquilla will be a flexible, powerfull and easy to use code generator. It will transform a xml metadata file using a custom developed package, and implement the best pratices for its core development.
bistro-os	Bistro is a type-safe, extensible operating system based on the Java platform. It consists of a virtual machine on top of a micro-kernel that implements process control, IPC, and base memory management. All drivers/programs etc. are run in the VM.
bit	BIT (Be In Touch) is a lightweight peer-to-peer communication system for text messages and files exchange written in Java as a student project.
bit-c	A binary Input Output Lib
bit-scavenger	A program, to pull data from BitTorrent link pages &amp; databases (such as Animesuki &amp; BakaUpdates), and create a new database in one GUI. This is designed to get links to .torent files, and pull info into one simple place.
bit-text	PHP function library that converts textual strings into an ASCII equivalent stream of .PNG files.  Supports custom fonts and resizing.
bit-torrent	Lightweight python based 4th. generation bittorrent client with social networking, recommendation, tag-based navigation, moderation, and real-time streaming.
bit5blog	Bit5Blog is an blog application utilizing PHP, HTML and CSS, along with an back end database, to quickly create and maintain a professional looking blog. Bit5Blog provides default templates for quick deployment but is also highly customizable.
bitacora	A helpful web-based enterprise management tool and tracking tool developed entirely in PHP and MySQL.It uses GD Library (jpGraph) for graphic reports generation and PDF (pdf-php).
bitagest	Bitagest project provides an easy to install all in one ERP- CRM. It is a small-medium enterprises solution that covers areas such as CRM, ERP, commercial, and stock management, invoicing, chain of production and provisioning as well as accountancy, etc.
bitanarch	BitAnarch is a BitTorrent client packed with a lot of useful features, such as a newsgroup .torrent scanner, unicode filename support, automation, download and upload bandwidth limit, etc. (Project suspended from Sept. 2003)
bitartmanager	bitArtManager is a very easy content management for websites. It requires PHP4, mysql, and gd 1.8.x. With this CMS you can manage text, images and any type of files.
bitbashers	The BitBashers software represents a collection of useful libraries and utilities that help software developers with general purpose tasks.
bitbee	BitBee is a file-sharing P2P software project.
bitblade	bitblade is a python module for parsing binary data into python types. It is symmetrical, allowing both decoding and encoding of data. It is robust, supports non-byte aligned fields, and is relatively fast. Also, chicks dig it.
bitbucket	Goal of this project is to create version managment system compatible with Larry&#039;s version-control-system-used-by-linus-which-can-not-be-named.
bitcalendar	php calendar to organize a team&#039;s activity
bitchburn	This is just a simple bash2 script for burning cds. You have the ability to simply copy data or audio disc, burn images and directories to a cdrom via the commandline, without remembering all the cdrecord, mkisofs or cdrdao arguments. And so now you know
bitchinshooter	A simple Spaceshooter based on DiectX9 and the Ogre-Engine.
bitchun	The Bitchun Society is a global distributed real-time reputation tracking system. It is implemented as a plugin for Skype that is a layer on top of Skype&#039;s p2p network to communicate opinions and calculate the relative reputations of all participant
bitcollider	The bitcollider is a small utility that generates bitprints and metadata tags from files for lookup/submission at the Bitzi community metadata project. For more details, please see http://bitzi.com.
bitcomp	New compression method based on bit repacking.
bitcoop	Bitcoop is a Peer to Peer backup system enabling the storage of files on remote computers. The size of files depends on the quantity you wish to share with the other peers. This software is intended for server farms that wish to backup data among themsel
bitcruncher	BitCruncher is a build system designed for mobile (J2ME/MIDP/DoJa) applications written as a set of Ant scripts and tasks. BitCruncher is designed for building games but may as well be useful for other kinds of projects.
bitdamaged	BitDamaged is your one stop shop for the ultimate blog system! Written using PHP with mySQL DB backend. A 100% customizable blog that will suit all your needs! Features: Full admin control, DB optimisation, 100% styleable, Commenting, BBCode
bitdb	bitDB is an extensible, self-defining Object Database / File System.  The goal of this project is to port the concepts of the existing bitDB proprietry OR system into a stand-alone OO database server and supporting APIs.
bitdebugger	BIT Debugger is a debugger for Linux. It based on GDB. The main feature is tracing back the program execution.
bitdig	BitDig is a simple virtual layer that improves the performance of a native binary. It also acts as a host based IDS by dynamically flagging suspicious program behaviour.
bite	BITE is SQL reporting software that can be plugged into any existing database to add advanced reporting capabilities. You can build reports, and store them in the very same database. View, Print, Save and FTP these reports
bitext	Simple and easy-to-use API that should permit any developer to create new JAVA applications that require the use of Bittorrent Protocol. Provided examples show very simple torrent creator and publisher, Bittorrent client and tracker.
bitext2tmx	Bitext2tmx is a cross-platform program (in Java) to align the sentences of two plain text files which are mutual translations and generate a TMX translation memory for use in computer-assisted translation; a companion to the OmegaT translation program.
bitextor	Application oriented to build parallel text corpora from the Internet. It uses a website as a source of webpages and analyzes them looking for bitexts. It is designed to work with es,ca,gl,pt,en languages, but can integrate new ones easily.
bitfire	bitfire peer to peer the open sourcer for network bittorrent bit fire is the best speed and power full client and open source! / bit fire cliente para la red bittorrent bit fire el mas rapido cliente de codigo abierto!
bitgest	BitGest es un sistema libre (Open Source) de base de datos para gestion de un pequeño comercio con el cual se puede almacenar y llevar el control de ventas por dia, control de almacen, proveedores.
bithull	bitHull is a Simple unstructured data store-and-share mechanism.  It is part experimental graph-based task/note/idea management system and part data aggregator.
bithundler	It&#039;s library writted in the dotnetframework 2 that gets the bits of character in a  integer array and let the user to handle them
bitknight	BitKnight - The secure BitTorrent client
bitleech	BitLeech is a cross-platform download manger that can implement new protocols with a pluggable architecture.
bitlib	BitLib is a library for accessing binary data at its roots: Bits.  With BitLib, you can read/write single bits and work with arrays of bits not constrained to the spaces of bytes.  This is very useful in compression and other compact data formats, as wel
bitlife	Eye candy showing parallel Conway&#039;s Life games in the bit planes of the screen.
bitlog	bitlog is a cookie-based web stats framework written in PHP. Visits, Pageviews, Unique Visitors etc. are loged in a MySQL db. Administrators can perform complex data analysis regarding a website traffic -a basic set of detailed reports is included.
bitmagnet	BitMagnet
bitmailer	BitMailer is a simple SMTP client based on jwSMTP mailer class with full SMTP authentification support. The simple commandline interface is designed for easy use especially in scripts. Support for TLS and additional authentification types coming soon.
bitmapfont	A Java program that lets you create bitmap fonts and export them in various formats.
bitmaptohtml	BitmapToHTML takes a user supplied bitmap and creates the HTML source file (including CSS inline source) to display that bitmap as an HTML table with each pixel represented by a table cell.
bitmeta	Tired of writing the same code for each project? Bitmeta is a php site framework with user authentication, global headers and footers, easy layout management and more ready for your next big web app.
bitmix	Mix the bits of information together the way you want without turning them into a white noise. The first step of this project is to create the groups-oriented bookmark management platform using Ruby on Rails.
bitnets	Bitnets instantiates and operates on graphs and subgraphs of large complex networks, such as kinship networks. Bitnets consists mainly of a java library, a number of use examples and an interactive interpreted  language interface.
bitonio	Application allowing to make  Internet pages compatible with directives 5 and 6 of the WAI, to improve visualization of web page.
bitos	A small shell-like Operating System
bitpack	Bitpack is a set of tools to control/read the stats of the i/o of the pc&#039;s parallel port.
bitpim	BitPim allows synchronization of Phone Book, Calendar, WallPapers and RingTones and manipulating the embedded filesystem in CDMA cell phones.
bitreat	An Accounting and Billing Support System
bitreen	A 2D platformer. You play as a &quot;bitreen&quot; in an attempt to rescue your entire village from enslavement at the Thindle Sugar Mine.
bitreflexds	BitReflex.DirectoryServices is a .NET class library written in C# that provides a managed wrapper around the OpenLDAP C libraries.  It supports both standard and secure communication with any LDAP v2 or v3 compliant directory server.
bitrocket	BitRocket is a Native BitTorrent client for Mac OS X. At the heart of it&#039;s core resides the powerful libtorrent BitTorrent library. BitRocket is aimed to be a good alternative to other Mac OS X BitTorrent clients.
bits	BITS is a Bug Identification and Tracking System. It is similar to Bugzilla in concept but has an unique design and workflow. BITS support multiple concurrent projects, small or large and is currently targeted at corporate-like environments.
bits-a-gogo	This project has been integrated with project http://sf.net/projects/okopo and will be shutdown when the published files have been transferred there.
bitset	BitSet is a plugin which extends the Eclipse IDE through a dialog which provides register definitions sorted by architecture. The value of the register is automatically calculated while the user is selecting register options.
bitslap	Two or more crackers in the near future fight against each other by executing scripts and programs on their computer, either damaging the other or defending themselves. Alliances are formed and broken as needed... Be the last man standing.
bitslug	BitSlug is a fast BitTorrent client for OS X with a native GUI and backend.
bitsonar	BitSonar is a monitoring tool for bittorrent-file-distribution-networks.
bitstorm	An open-source (GPL&#039;d) BitTorrent client for Linux (and other *NIX operating systems) written in C#, using the GTK user interface toolkit.
bitstronger	The &quot;BitStronger&quot; is a Chinese chess gambling engine based on the Universal Chinese Chess Protocol (UCCI).
bitsupload	I have been sending files back and forth using FTP. Our connections kept timing out. Since this is vital information I need everynight I started investigating other solutions. BITS is the perfect solution. It transfers bit by bit and confirms files sent.
bitsurge	BitSurge is a BitTorrent Client, written in MFC, using libtorrent library.
bitswarm	Bitswarm is a computational-oriented project: \nit provides a library of n-dimensional bit-array manipulation primitives.  \nUnix and win32 platforms are supported.
bitswash	Bitswash is a bittorrent client uses wxwidget to provide same functionality across operating systems.
bitten	Bitten is a Python-based framework for collecting various software metrics via continuous integration.
bitterbpp	A GUI for dvd to matroska backups, bitterbpp uses autodetection and bits/pixel estimates to generate high quality output. It features multiple audio/subtitle track capabilities (direct copy and/or vorbis transcoding), and supports different video codecs.
bittext	bit_text is an ASP.NET control that transforms ASCII characters and groups of ASCII characters into images. It can be used to dynamicaly generate image/branding for your site and has many options and effects.
bittime	bittime is a simple, small and lightweight binary clock for X-Windows.
bittorrent	BitTorrent is a tool for distributed download. Go to http://www.bittorrent.com/ for the latest version, or http://www.bittorrent.com/dl/?C=M;O=D for source and older versions.
bittorrent-2	Define 2nd generation Bittorrent protocol with social networking, recommendation, tag-based navigation, distributed moderation, and real-time streaming. Remove .torrent, tracker, and website from architecture. Create reference implement. with ABC project
bittorrentdotne	a C# written Core implement the Bittorrent protocol built on microsoft .net Framework
bittorrentjxta	An implementation of the BitTorrent protocol over JXTA. The goal is to create a protocol modul (without any user interface) to allow easy integration in user programs. The modul will also allow to combine BitTorrent and RSS (Broadcatching) to access BitT
bittorrentnet	For the latest version of the project : http://www.gotdotnet.com/Workspaces/Workspace.aspx?id=415e48ec-f860-4ea1-8f31-abc7cf1644c7
bittwist	Bit-Twist is a simple and powerful libpcap-based Ethernet II (IEEE 802.3) packet generator that comes complete with a comprehensive pcap capture file editor and a multiport link speed capability Ethernet bridge!
bitvector4j	BitVector4J  is a general purpose bit array replacement for the standard Java BitSet class. It is more flexible and integrates better with support for streamed input/output, conversion to BitSets and conversion to arrays of int?s, byte?s, or long?s.
bitwave	BitWave enables traditional radio/television station to broadcast in the internet without additional bandwidth cost. It uses the peer to peer (p2p) protocol to relay contents client to client.
bitweaver	Highly Modular CMS framework includes: Wiki, Articles / News, phpBB Forum Bulletin Board, Blogs, Image Photo Gallery, ... includes TikiWiki upgrader. Databases supported: MySQL, Postgres, Oracle, Firebird, IIS/MS-SQL for PHP on Windows or Linux.
bitwm	BitWM is a lightweight, highly configureable, plugin based window manager for the X Window system.
bitxeem	BitXeem reinvents downloading. Combine the massive community of Bittorrent, trackers independent system of eXeem, and the simply&#039;s UI ever seen, and there you&#039;ve got BitXeem
bitxml	This is a little SAX parser made for all java devices. It can be used from very little devices ( typical java phone from Midp to DoJa ) to enterprise server. Now, it supports only SAX parser model. Very simple to use ( see the .java sample ). The tip is
bitz-commons	Biblioteca de classes da Bitz informática. Contém classes utilitárias bem como classes para integração de bibliotecas como Struts, Hibernate, DisplayTag, DitchNetTab, etc.
bitz80	Z80 ASM editor that gives you real-time info about Mnemonics, Waitstates/Clock cycles, and Labels. Features code completion, real-time debugging and T-states profiling.
biur	With Bills Image-Uploader &amp; Resizer you can upload JPEG- and PNG- or GIF-files to your server. It automatically resizes the image file and creates a thumbnail. Optimized for use with phpCMS (www.phpcms.de) - requires GD-Lib.
biv	BIV is an simple instant messenger for linux systems. It contains a server and a client using a special protocol.
bix	A layout manager to be used in replacement to GridBagLayout/GridBagConstraints in Swing components.
bixchange	BixChange is a framework that offers a better way to develop, deploy, maintain, and document perl based CGI scripts. Benefits include separation of business logic from the interface, libraries of reusable code, and more.
biz-chart	Biz Chart is an e-commerce application starting from osCommerce code.
bizarrename	Simple project to standardise file names of the particular directory tree.
bizblox	BizBlox is a simple to use Object Relational Mapper API for .Net. On top of the usual features you expect from an ORM it provides native support for web services using transfer objects and partial transfer objects.
bizboxhandler	bizboxHandler
bizcal	Bizcal is a component library for calendar widgets written in java using swing. It has components for day view, week view, month view, group view, etc.
bizcal4j	BizCal4j is a GPL&#039;d set of calendar/schedule services for Java. Provides reusable abstractions for calendar based things, like contract repayment terms, mortgage am schedules, billing cycles, etc. Not a job scheduler like Quartz or Flux Kronos.
bizchat	Chatroom for ecafes, offices etc. including useful admin functions eg swearkick and gag
bizcom	Next generation web-based, multi-tenant, distributed, mulit-lingual, inbound, outbound Video enabled VoIP &amp; VVoIP call/ contact center solution for Asterisk with Built-in phone, IVR, CRM, Predictive dialer, ACD, Chat, Mail, Fax, Video and other featu
bizcommerce	BC is mainly a backend application for internet merchants. It provides useful support with item storage, transaction handling, customer relations and platform (amazon, ebay, zvab, froogle) connection. It&#039;s written as a HTML::Mason Application in Per
bizdevelop	Database application development suite for PHP and MySQL.  Enables the rapid development of complex database applications from SQL to HTML.
bizforge	This project is preparing new direction. :)
bizguide	Top 200 business apps. Fundamental IT knowledge for a CFO, a mid-level manager, a small business owner, or even a CTO or VP of IT. You may not know how vast the landscape of FOSS truly is but can learn overnight with this guide. Print avail from lulu.com
bizkit	Customizable shopping cart engine for business to consumer (B2C) operations
bizsim	The Open Business Simulation Framework provides functionality that facilitates the implementation of business simulation software used for educational and training purposes.
bizsutra	A comprehensive set of business functionality and patterns\nThe technology oriented frame-works provide solutions for a specific set of technical problems.BizSutras provides integrated implementation for all the identified business functions
biztalkutils	BizTalk Utilities v 1.0
biztycoon	Do you have it in you to be Famous? In this unique blend of RPG and Simulation, try out an alternate life in a realistic world. There 7 character classes, 6 Company types, 39 jobs, 49 services to choose from. Become a somebody from a nobody.
bizworks	Business Administration application with LAN/WAN limitless multi-user capabilities. Features, client, employee, invoice, inventory and products management, etc. Extremely user friendly web page design. Based on Apache, MySql and Php.
bizwrite	BizWrite - programm, that allow to draw different bussiness-process, classes and other.
bjaid	Blackjack Player Aid.
bjanalyst	Blackjack Analyst is a program allowing evaluation of blackjack playing strategies through simulation.
bjava	BJava is a set of Java base utilities. The author hope that these utilities will be usefull to someone that start in to Java.
bjavadoctool	Tool to generate javadoc documentation for Java projects.
bjcruncher	A GUI based Java application that simulates play of hundreds of thousands of hands of Blackjack in a few seconds.  The application is meant to be used as a tool for finding the overall house advantage under a huge variety of playing conditions.
bjgenie	A J2ME application mainly for Nokia phone for entertainment purposes.
bjgl	Boxed Jellyfish Game Library (BJGL) is a C++ library aimed at OpenGL game development.
bjj	A music manager used to manage music through the Music Player Daemon
bjk	USERINFO: A modular tool that gets info about a local user and outputs with a field deliminator for use in shell scripts. CBOARD: Curses PGN browser, editor and chess engine interface. NCAST: Curses interface to shoutcast.com. Patches/Snippets and more..
bjlib	BJLib is a blackjack class library written in C#, and it can be used in any programs for Microsoft .Net. The library includes some essential classes needed to write blackjack programs (and possibly any card game programs with minor modifications).
bjorneportal	BjornePORTAL is a portal for YaBB SE forums which requires almost no changes of the YaBB forum to work!
bjpro	This is an open source blackjack training program under the GPL. This program is intended to help a basic strategy or card counter learn his playing strategy. Configurable: player may focus on hands he has trouble remembering. A simulation pkg in progres
bjps	BJPS original started off for simulation of pectin digestion, but is generalizable to simulation of digestion and fragmentation analysis of a wide-range of co-polymer systems.
bjs	Arcade tank battle in 3D. With multiplayer network support.
bjs2	The project is dedicated to providing a free management application for the German Federal Youth Games.
bjseek	Share file for workgroup for network update
bjsupport	PHP and MySQL based support system allowing endusers to submit support requests to help desk technicians, and track the status of their requests.
bjtag	A way to control a JTAG device through parallel port of a PC
bjy2unc	Rupantor- Bijoy to Unicode converter. It converts Bengali texts written in Bijoy fonts to UNICODE. ????????- ???? ???? ???????? ? ???????? ???? ???????? ??? ?
bk-terak-emu	Emulator of the LSI-11 based Soviet home microcomputers of the Elektronika BK-0010 family and of the Terak-8510/a (planned, need ROM/binaries to proceed). Linux, SDL.
bk02	BK02 is a collection of projects written by BK02, a group of students from Ho Chi Minh University of Technology, one of the biggest universities in Vietnam. Some famous projects : 3DProS, VSpeech, Jcaro (These projects has been hosted on sourceforge.net)
bk2site	Transforms Netscape bookmarks into a Yahoo-like website with slashdot-like news.
bkao	BK-AO Server, Mod Argentum Online
bkasm	bkasm is a powerful, extensible, retargetable cross-assembler.  It is intended for use with small embedded processors, particularly Digital Signal Processors.  It currently supports the AL3101/AL3102 (1K DSP) from Alesis Semiconductor.
bkcms	BkCMS is PHP Content Management System.It supports added developed modules.
bkhive	Bkhive and samdump2 can recover Windows hashes from SYSTEM and SAM registry files offline. The output is similar as PWDUMP.
bking	A generic framework with Java to provide RDBMS-like query and modification on pure text-based data tables which are tangled in many-to-many relationship
bkjsoft	This is a BKJMail Project
bkk-bus-routes	Search Bus &amp; Routes in Bangkok Thailand.
bkm	Bookmark-Manager is an advanced bookmark management utility for Windows supporting importing/exporting and merging of Internet Explorer favorites, Opera hotlists, Mozilla, Netscape, and Firefox bookmarks, XBEL, and HTML lists.
bkm2006	Bookmark-Manager 2006 features a completely rewritten code base, optimized features and functions, and finally offers true international language support for your multi-browser bookmark management needs.
bkmd	The target of this project is to develop a protocol and a server building on top of TCP/IP. I want to manage bookmarks over the network. The protocol will be based on XBel, an XML bookmark exchange language.
bkmrk2dlcs	BookmarksToDelicious is a standalone Python client for posting bookmarks from a file  to the delicious (see http://del.icio.us/) REST API. The current version supports Mozilla/Firefox bookmark files.
bkps	This project is designed to create an open source server to interact with the popular MMORPG World of Warcraft client.
bkptomail	This shell script backups all your files into an email account. It creates all the necessary mails (with compressed and encripted attachs) and sends it over to your email account. Perfect to give some use of all the space provided.
bkptowin	A shell script that backup linux files and send to a windows share. It uses tar, sed and smbclient.
bkunix	Port of LSX Unix to Elektronika BK-0010 microcomputer.
bkup-scripts	The purpose of this project is to provide a comprehensive system for backing up to CDR the log scripts produced by syslog-ng. The scripts support verification of the CD after burning, optionally removing log files after they have been burnt to CD
bl0g	bl0g&#039;s a Hebrew PHP/mySQL system designed to run blogs, featuring diary entries, calendar view, tasks (unique or weekly), a skinnable interface and more.
bl0rp	This is a reincarnation of Justin Frankel&#039;s original BlorpScript with some minor improvements.
bla	Bla is a serverless broadcast chat system for local area networks.
bla-bla	A very simple, platform independent gadu-gadu client (http://www.gadu-gadu.pl) in a form of an eclipse plug-in (http://eclipse.org) .
blaa	Progetto d&#039;uso di J2EE 5
blabla	Bla Bla Komunikator to najlepszy klient GG i Tlena (a w przyszlosci IRC i ICQ) napisany w D3 (z wyj?tkiem wtyczki Tlen - D4). Gdyby kto? mia? ochot? kontynuowa? projekt (ze mn? albo z kims innym) to by?oby fajnie...
black	An XML based request processing engine. An agent which takes in request to perform a task/calculation/etc and returns the result. In the first phase, the engine would perform mathematical calculations, while the data would be transferred using w3c MathML
black-box	A robust, easy to use Object-Relational Persistence Layer Framework for java projects. The purpose of which is to remove as much hand coded JDBC SQL for all the basic CRUD functions. This includes automatic handling of polymorphic objects, associations, 
black-jack	It is a card game that runs in console mode in operating systems Linux or UNIX.  It uses semaphores and shared memory.  Originaly was an exercise in C++ for the faculty. It&#039;s multi player.
black-jack-room	Black Jack room server and client designed in C# for a Computer Science Senior Project.
black-paralysis	Set in the Vegastrike universe, you are a dockyard worker on a Confederate research base. At least, that&#039;s who you used to be. Now the future of the Confederacy, and even your own survival, are no longer assured. Be all you can be, or be nothing at 
black-sun	A number of plugins for Eclipse that make life easier. Tools includes regex. find and replace, editors for CSharp, LLK, XML, XHTML, HTML, CSS, ... etc.
black-visi	Ever wondered, how to create a huge Java/swing application, without ignoring the MVC-Pattern?\nBlackVisi is the ultimative way to keep you code simple, stable and maintainable! It is state-oriented, uses state-of-the art techniques (Java5) and is flexible
blackbadger	Blackbadger is a distributed ANT runtime for controlling and running tests against a large array of machines without complicated setup.  Self-discovery and full Apache Ant integration, Blackbadger provides a distributed state machine.
blackballed-cms	Blackballed is a pure java content management system with support for blogging,  image galleries, and social networking.  It leverages Apache Struts, Spring, Hibernate, XDoclet, Ant, and other enterprise-level open-source java technologies.
blackbear	Tool Suite of GUI&#039;s to manipulate data. The first tool is a GUI for XML schemas and manages/stores the xml documents. The other tool is a GUI for Hibernate. It allows users to navigate an ObjectStore and to insert, update, delete, view the objects s
blackbeard	A program for keeping track of game ROMs that stores various game information as well as screenshots. Implements some filtering and sorting options as well.
blackbeardpm	Blackbeard TM is built on top of a general Blackboard Framework and can be used to create and execute Business Process Models in a Visual Development Environment.
blackberrysugar	Blackberry client for Sugar CRM
blackberrytools	RIM Blackberry applications called BBLight, BBToday, BBReply, BBWeather, &amp; BBCorrector. BBlight give control of the backlight. BBToday &amp; BBWeather provide information. BBReply allows you to change reply-to address. BBCorrector is for spell checki
blackboard	Erstellung eines webbasierneden &quot;Schwarzen Brettes&quot; im Rahmen eines berufsschulprojektes.
blackbook	Address / Phone book based on the GTK+ toolkit.
blackbox	Blackbox is an IRC Service which provides the following services preventing IRC Operator abuse, Anti Proxy System, Network Statistics and Web Based Management.
blackboxmaster	BlackBox is a reasoning game. The player fires electrons into the &quot;Black Box&quot; and tries to deduce where the Atoms are, based on where the electrons come out if they do.
blackboxwm	Blackbox is that fast, light window manager you have been looking for without all those annoying library dependancies.  If you have a C++ compiler and the X Window System you can compile and use it.
blackburst3d	BLACK Burst 3D intent to give the audience an easy and efficient way to create OpenGL based 3D applications like games or special user interfaces.\nIt is currently in huge developpement/testing phase. More will come in the following weeks.
blackcatcms	BlackCat CMS is an open source PHP MySQL Content Management System, it will eventualy have modules and forums, the first realese wil have a members area and a news and shout box, Still under development. It will also be FREE, No Link Back
blackchat	BlackChat is an ICQ Instant Messaging client for the BlackBerry 72XX wireless handheld. Features include 24/7 connection, client only solution, send/receive msgs, add/remove contacts, change client status and skins
blackcow	This project is a portable C++ implementation of blackjack and craps simulators.  While it could be adapted to work as a game engine, the intent is to provide a code base for the development of a powerful open source gaming analysis tool.
blackenfall	Blackenfall is an online role-playing game system designed to allow you to create or participate in completely customizable RP sessions over the Internet.
blackfinger	BlackFinger is a system that uses reacTable* to enhance it&#039;s interface capabilities. This software uses a webcam to detect user&#039;s fingers. It also use som basic gesture recognition to perfom actions.
blackfish	BlackFish is an open source isometric game engine written in C++ for the MS windows DirectX7 platform. It runs in 800x600x16 graphics mode, either windowed or full screen. A custom map editor, called EditFish, is included.
blackfoot	An open source assembler for the popular 68HC11 Motorola chipset.  This assembler replaces the AS11 freeware assembler provided by Motorola.
blackfoxom	BlackFox OM (BlackFox, The Object Model) is a library for holding and manipulating object models of any systems, applications and libraries. You can use it as a part of UML tools, part of code generators, part of object-oriented operating systems etc.
blackhack	Black_hack is a BlackJack simulator.  It allows for multiple customizable simulations of thousands (or millions) of hands.  It allows for the customization of strategy, varying levels of output detail, and an interactive training mode.
blackheath	Blackheath is an under-development MUD. The work is split between two separate but closely interconnected teams - engineering group (developing extensible Python gamedriver with XML support) and RP group (designing setting and roleplaying as such).
blackhol	BlackHol. A BitTorrent Project for Campus.
blackink	A money management program built upon the Eclipse Rich Client Platform.    Includes a variety of technologies, including Hibernate, Derby, Java 5 constructs,  and Web services.
blackircd	IRCu2.10.11 with some modifications and new cool feutures + Services
blackjack	Blackjack is an implementation of the card game twenty-one. It currently uses the Microsoft.NET Framework and imports the playing card graphics from the cards.dll in Windows.
blackjack-by-kj	A fairly simple BlackJack game written in VB.net 2003 so far only tested on Windows XP.
blackjackoop-gr	The BlackJack game is a group project that is being developed in our Object-Oriented Programming class. It&#039;s written in C++. OS: Windows.
blackjacksim	BlackJackSIM is a high-speed, ultra-realistic blackjack hand simulator.
blackjackup	Famoso juego black jack con implementacion de patrones de diseño: Factory, strategy, algo de dao, state, singleton y nullObject. Conectividad con oracle por jdbc usando el driver clases12.zip.
blacklegacy	The Black Legacy is an MMORPG develop under linux ,but also works on Windows system,We are using OpenGL and SDL to make a 3D fantasy Sci Fi game
blacklist	This project intends to create an IRC channel&#039;s BlackList that can be accessed by Web or trough an Eggdrop Bot. The inclusion of a channel to the BlackList *MUST* be voted by at least 75% of the users registered at the BlackList System. The BlackLis
blacklists	Collaborative maillist filtering effort updated daily and provides filters for sendmail and spamassassin users. This project is aimed at  ISPs and mail administrators. User supported and maintained. Will support other servers and filters soon.
blacklite	Blacklite is a desktop enviroment, a collection of desktop tools, linked together through a common script and control center.
blackmagic	Small but fun and featureful 3D Role-Playing game based on DragonRoot game engine.
blackmamba3d	Black Mamba is a two-player version of the famous game Snake, in which the player has to catch apples without beat the head against itself or the maze. Also a single player mode is provided.
blackmarket	php frontend for proftpd and mysql.
blacknightchess	Chess game. It supports disconnected network play by means of emails or such. It supports also realtime network play through a TCP connection. It requires Java 2 version 1.3 or later (vers. 2 under development will reqire JDK5.0 to compile from source)
blacknova	BlackNova Traders is a web-based, multi-player space exploration game inspired by the popular BBS game of TradeWars. It is coded using PHP, SQL, and Javascript.
blackos	It is  an operative system which is programmed all in assembler language
blackowl	Visual MIB Browser that supports getting the MIB from RFC, managing the MIB, running SNMP operations (v1/v2/v3) with MIB, discovering SNMP devices, graphing MIB variables, visualise MIB as tree, view MIB as UML classes, save MIB data in pdf/xls/text
blackpaw	Blackpaw is a development system made in Java for designing top-down 2D role-playing games.
blackpearl	A GUI rich frontend to manage ATCA and IBM Blade Chassis systems. This is specifically customized for OpenClovis chassis management platform
blackrain-sc3	RealizedSound SuperCollider 3 snapshot binaries.
blackrainrpg	Black Rain, a Java-based RPG using a hex-tiled game map, with many different items available in-game.  Black Rain will use an unique object-modification and combination engine to allow objects in the game to be combined, changed, and upgraded.
blackrhino	The BlackRhino Linux distribution is a Debian-based Linux system for the Playstation 2. The goal of the project is to provide a completely free, up-to-date, community-supported distribution of Linux for the Playstation 2. BlackRhino Linux contains over 1
blackrune	In the time of blood, bone and iron, comes forth a war, between humans. You awaken to find yourself flung in the midst of this epic battle as the crimson dirt, colored by the flowing blood decorates your features...welcome to Black Rune
blacksmith-ids	Blacksmith IDS is an Intrusion Detection System based on Mobile Agents.
blacksms	BlackSMS is a project to build a very accurate Sega Master System&#039;s emulation core without depending on any specific plataform. This is achieved by spliting the plataform-dependable code from the core and providing it as a separated interface.
blacksun	Blacksun is a free 3D modelling environment for static objects
blacktulip	A collection of PHP trinkets such as a port scanner and a password-strength checker that does not use cracklib, to assist in server security assessment. Dictionary files in several languages available.
blackwidow	The Black Widow site adminstration tool provides a professional spine for your ASP enabled site. The tool can be run on basic servers aswell as on very advanced servers. Unlike other adminstration tools, Black Widow includes an advanced forum and more...
blackwing	Black Wings is a framework built over SDL to make the game/graphical application development easier, by adding a scene system, an event manager, a template manager and a widget system ready to play with, along with many smaller controls.
blackwm	Window manager written in Python using python-xlib (and more user/developer friendly than PLWM ;) ).
blade-pc	Blade is an interactive, natural language, Java control program. The aim is to provide an easy to use interface to the home computer using human languages (ie, English) without the need for a user to remember complex syntaxes and parameters.
blade-ui	An HTML widget set for both XSL and JSP presentation layers.  Apps can use simple tags to create rollovers, tabs, drillable trees, DHTML popups, etc.  Static mockups created locally with the XSL version can be quickly translated into functional JSPs.
blademaster2	BladeMaster 2 is text-based multi player arena combat simulation game. BladeMaster 2 is a resurrection of a classic BBS game. It&#039;s purpose is to create a greatly enhanced and open source version based on the original, playable on modern systems.
bladerunn	Windows Service with both debug and release modes that allows configurable schedules of DOS batch files and other jobs to run in  the background of the Local System even while no users are logged in. Writes to Event Log. Requires Microsoft.NET Framework.
bladon	Java library for object formatting for logging, JSPs, and java-style configuration.
blag	bl@g is a PHP script add-on to b2evolution, wordpress, and eventually other blog software. It will allow processing and posting of plain text and HTML e-mails to any software that uses the Blogger API, including uploading of attached files.
blah	blah is a GTK/GNOME utility for maintaining a list of frequently copy-and-pasted text.  The current version is functional and usable.  However, my goal is to re-design/re-write the code as a GNOME panel app.
blah-security	Blah.security is a J2EE oriented security framework for enterprise applications.
blahps	blahps is a process viewer or task manager that aims to be useful in situations where other task managers are not. As an example, it keeps track of processes which have died so you can see them _after_ they are gone. Also it has filtering.
blahtex	Blahtex is a project to add MathML functionality to MediaWiki, the engine behind Wikipedia.
blahzdns	PHP/MySQL based DNS (BIND 9,tinydns) administration with support for primary and secondary zones, user authentication, User and Admin account types, and restricted access for user accounts to certain primary and secondary zones.
blair-rich	A small and fun management game. Adjust Fuel and Income taxes, build hospitals and save a glorified tent from bankruptcy. I did a quick version in VB, but it will eventually be all in Java for full cross-platform compatibility.
blaise	Blaise is a scripting language.
blaise-cc	Blaise is a Lisp dialect (specification and compiler). It&#039;s a modern version of Lisp suited for Lisp beginners and modern project development.
blake	XDevelopment framework implementation. Using technologies like XML and XSL, provides a new and extremely poweful development model.
blam	This project builds a standalone solution for blacklist management, targeted on different blogging solutions. Its purpose is to support the fight against blog comment spams.
blame	&quot;Blame&quot; displays the last modification for each line in an RCS file. It is the RCS equivalent of CVS&#039;s &quot;annotate&quot; command.
blammo	Blammo introduces a new way of logging. The general goal is to make logging easy to do and easy to test, and at the same time, take it seriously. Blammo is IoC for logging.
blanc	Blanc is a Javascript toolkit that makes web development easier and faster.It supports both ajax-based and old-fashion web applications.
blanco	A PHP webapp for publishing eBooks. Users can enter their texts and arrange them in the form of an eBook (with links to the previous and next pages, contents and so on). Then they can share the link to their created eBook.
blanket	SunOne/NSAPI compatible library and web server
blankserver	BlankServer is a simple HTTP (web) server. No matter what URL is requested of it, it always sends a blank, transparent, 1pixel by 1pixel GIF image as the reply. When used in conjuction with a HOSTS file full of advertising servers, it removes advert bann
blankwhitecards	This project is a web-based implementation of the 1000 Blank White Cards game.
blapp	A blosxom weblog editor for Mac OS X, Blapp streamlines the blogging process with a convenient, native editing interface for blosxom weblogs. It presents a view of the weblog hierarchy with post titles, displays live-updating HTML preview in the editor, 
blargfm	Blarg is an FM and sample drum program that allows you to sequence drum loops, synch it to MIDI clock and effect the parameters with a MIDI controller.  Blarg also supports VST effects plugins.  Written in MAX/MSP for Mac OS9.
blarghpad	A lightweight and responsive developer&#039;s text editor
blasm	An assembler + IDE. Primary developed for Windows, but will be available on more OSes soon.
blassic	Blassic, the classic Basic.
blast	Blast!! is light, usable, keyboard driven application launcher based on Qt toolkit
blast2d	Blast - A fast 2 Dimensional Arcade style Game.
blastbeat	A fullscreen text based audio player for linux.
blastdocs	Blast Documents is a handy little tool that adds a shortcut to your start menu to clear your recent document history. Compared to the default windows way (6 clicks, and lots of wait), blast documents uses only 2 clicks and does the job instantly.
blaster	Blaster is a nice IRC service for IRC operators. Written in Perl for the ircu proto 10.
blasteroids	Blasteroids is a multiplayer implementation of the famous Asteroids game, coded in Java.
blasteroids3d	Blasteroids3D is a 3D shooting game where you control a space ship and try to destory a field of asteroids before they reach the Earth.
blasterscan	Blaster Scan is a TCP port scanner. It can extract users exploiting vrfy or expn, check anonymous access on FTP, check brute force on FTP and POP3, extract daemons\\&#039; versions, and scan for CGI bugs. It also has a SYN port scan, the ability to ping h
blastgame	Blast is a futuristic 3D racing game developed using Sandra Engine.
blastgres	BLASTgres is a set of modules that can be added to PostgreSQL for data management of biological sequences. It extends PostgreSQL with datatypes for sequence information and middleware for dynamic access to sequence analysis tools &amp; services like BLAS
blastirc	The project is all about making a great freeware irc server daemon for public use. The server will be made with easy configuration and a lot of options for the &quot;beginning user&quot;, *UPDATE* This project is no longer updated as the need is covered 
blastor	blaSTOR is a Microsoft Access database used to BLAST, store and analyze multiple nucleotide and protein sequences. It has an easy-to-use graphical interface that allows users to perform BLAST operations and organize their data quickly and effectively.
blastserv	BlastServ is a plugin used with XChat and Mac OS X. It will be an IRC File Server (FServ or FServe), similar to SysReset for Windows or Obsidian. Fservs send files over DCC, and have an interface like FTP. They are a quick and easy way to transfer files.
blastworthy	A complete cable/dsl router that acts as a firewall, NAT gateway, and DNS server. Allows you to manage port forwarding settings and view network status, as well as intrusion attempts and other logs. Includes a php based web interface, with perl backend.
blat	Blat - A Win32 command line SMTP mailer. Use it to automatically eMail logs, the contents of a html FORM, or whatever else you need to send.
blatmat	blat(mat) is a Braille to print translator for maths. It takes a Spanish Six-dot Mathematical Braille (not Nemeth Code) text and converts it to an HTML file ready to be translated into XHTML+MathML by ASCIIMathML (javascript).
blax	BLAX! is a state-of-the-art Java-Swing application for optimized POS-Management and inventory management.\nIts keyboard-based control is optimized for high performance and all the GUI-Elements are designed for clarity instead of &quot;colorful clickyness&
blaxorrpg	Shi Tenno is an RPG being written in the C programming language, for multiple platforms using the SDL libraries.  More information will be released when available.
blaze	A filesysem indexer that searches files quickly.
blazeboard	A php based forum script with many advanced features.
blazefilesearch	A fast file searcher using file indexes
blazegraph	Blazegraph is a dynamic graph layout engine similar to Touch Graph link browser (tglinkbrowser) implemented in Flash and ActionScript.
blazelist	MacBlaze is an open source project for porting the functionality of the Classic Mac listserver application Autoshare over to Mac OS X utilizing freeware compilers such as FreePascal and GNU Pascal.
blazeos	The aim of this project is to release a full, multitasking &amp; multiuser Operating System licensed under the GPL. First the kernel will be developed, which will have a branch for UNIX (r) programs, such as X11, Curses.
blazer-player	blazer-player is planned to be an opensource flash7-compatible player for BeOS. It&#039;s based on gplflash2 project.
blazerdb	Blazer is truely open source, standards based RDBMS written completely in C# to be complaint with .net framework. It can be used basically in .net environment projects. It would be part of managed code, secure and stable.
blazescript	A game scripting engine using javascript. Provides a simple interface to load and manipulate graphics, making it easy to write quick games and applications that can be run on the cross-platform interpreter. Written in C++, interface using gtkmm.
blazingtable	A collection of browser based Java, Flash and Flex table games from the BlazingGame.com website.
blazter	Blazter is a multiplatform client for file-sharing protocols like Napster. It features multiple language support, additional protocol support via add-ons and a scripting language. It is being developed in Delphi.
blazze	The goal of the Blazze project is to implement a framework to simplify creation of a client GUI in N-tier architecture.
blc51	BootloaderC51 is open source utility for loading code to platform with controller. The current version is targeted for Atmel At89C52
bldgcomposer	Facility Composer is a suite of criteria-based building design and modeling tools.  The primary objectives are to provide support for 1)creation, specification, and use of design criteria, 2)architectural programming, and 3) spatial layout and design.
blding-parsers	C# port of Steve Metsker&#039;s &quot;Building Parsers with Java&quot;. This code was built with VS.Net 2003. Enables programmers to  create their own computer languages.
bldp	Bulgarian Linux Documentation Project (BLDP) e opit da se prevede na bulgarski ezik kolkoto se moze pove4e ot Linux dokumentaciata. Rabota ima za vsi4ki taka che pomoshtta na vseki e dobre doshla ;0)
bldrevlabeller	BuildRevisionLabeller is a CruiseControl.NET (CC.NET) custom labeller which extends the default labeller providing additional options to handle CC.NET label focusing on incrementing build and/or revision number(s).
bled	Bled is the Barely Legible EDitor, a text editor similar to Pico (and Nano), but with more power. It is designed to be a nice, quick to use programmers editor, without the overkill of Emacs and  GUI editors.
bleepie	Pine for Fruity Loops?  Wish that you too could be like those cool Windows kids with their synthesis software?  Electronica give you a woody?  If so, you have problems.  Bleepie may eventually be the solution.
bleetz	Bleetz is a revolutionary templates parser based on XML generating PHP. It translates Bleetz control tags into universal php code. It is designed to be fully integrated with Macromedia Dreamweaver.
bleizi	Bleizi is a PHP framework to better work in OO programming style and simple reusing code from other developers.
blend	This product uses the concept of HTML templates with respect to the dynamic content, special XML tags are used within the templates to generate dynamic content
blender	Blender is the open-source software for 3D modeling, animation, rendering, post-production, interactive creation and playback. It is available for all major operating systems under the GNU General Public License.
blender-xna-ppi	A plug-in allowing home-brew game developers using the Microsoft XNA framework to import content from Blender&#039;s native binary format.
blenderdb	In BlenderDB we will add a Database interface to Blender (see www.blender.org).In this way users will be able to share and retrieve effectively meshes, textures, etc.A GUI plug-in for Blender, as well as separate web-server will be the frontend.
blenderes	Resource for blender3d. Model .blen , plug-ins and other
blenderlipsynch	The project is to provide a Lip Synchronisation ToolBox for Blender.
blenderobjex	Exports AliasWavefront OBJ Files from Blender - including the material and texture informations
blendutil	A group of Blender (http://www.blender3d.org) enthusiasts sharing code for expanding the functionality of Blender. As Blender has been bought into Open Sourceness, this ancient utility is now ancient and likely useless.
blenz	This project is aimed at producing a set of tools to allow associations to create and maintain easly their website. This project is usefull for associations which haven\\&#039;t a technical competences.
blex	Blex is platform-independent SDK. supports video,audio,mouse,keyboard,network,timer.
blexisma2	This is a suite of several software agents to provide a complete architecture of lexical base as proposed in Didier Schwab&#039;s PhD. thesis. It will be used for automatic translation, information retrieval and other natural language processing tasks.
blflibrary	Look, Feel And Language Library. This library allows you to add look and feels, and language translation options quickly and easily to your programs.
blh	libdict is a generic API interface to import data from a &#039;combo dictionary&#039; into a simple data structure that can be used in various programs.
blibjavascript	The objective of this project is to facilitate the development of pages personal professional / with the supply of a library of routines in javascript for the most common uses.
bliczart	Czech game solutions team &lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt; Us project is RTS ( real time strategi ) you name is not specificed possibly name is Woo - War of Oil or WwO - World without Oil. This game presents wordl in near future, when supplys oil give out -&gt; NATO
blight	Python scripts for importing and exporting OpenFlight files to and from Blender. OpenFlight is the native format of Creator, a 3D modelling package from MultiGen-Paradigm Inc. with a feature set that focuses on the real-time needs of the vis sim industry
blijf	Mirage implements an complete 100% transparent Object Relational mapping for Java.  It builds the database schema incrementally, to support incremental development and refactoring as it happens in Extreme Programming.
blimp	A Web-based (Apache/PHP/MySQL or similar) utility to manage BibTeX entries, with additional features tailored towards those in the computational biology and bioinformatics fields.
blindboy	ARM JIT for x86/MIPS base on VisualBoyAdvance
blindbuilder	BlindBuilder is a C++ platform-independent framework that allows to create and manipulate Lego-like constructions. It is possible to manage construction plans as well as to simulate such constructions.
blindcore	Written in PHP5, this project is an API for use with the Amazon Web Services. It is focused on simplicity of use. It interacts with version 4 of AWS, retroactively named ECS 4.0 (E-commerce Web Services).
blindeye	The Blindeye web application is a front end for the Blindeyes Distributed Command Framework.  Blindeye will be specifically tailored towards the viewing and datamining of nmap scans.
blindeyes	BlindEyes is an open-source distributed framework designed to allow the distribution and chaining together of code in many popular languages.
blindfriendly	this is a collection of utils providing command line equivalents for the fullscreen apps. mainly for blind/visuallyimpared/etc... users.
blindsiren	Provide an interface to scan a CIFS network and list all available resources.
blindsnake	The Blind Snake Build System is an extremely customizable python based build system that leverages existing Ant tasks to build and deploy J2EE projects. It supplies default tasks that enable it to build and deploy many projects automatically.
bling-blog	Bling! Web Log (or blog) is a web logging tool written in php and has a mysql backend.  Bling! comes with the ability to have public, semi-private and totally private posting, user management and style information built into the web interface.  A single
blingbling	a puzzle game based on the popular Puyo Puyo
blingd	Blingd is a multi-purpose daemon for UNIX/Linux that listens on an arbitrary TCP port.  When queried, blingd will return a configurable message or random blings.
blingmeter	4x24 LCD/VFD Engine computer monitoring display for an Autronic ECU - currently supports v1.99 Autronic.  Includes a hardware design and software.
blink	Syntactic Sugar for Java --- less finger typing, more expressive coding. Blink is a simple and expressive API for frequent Java idioms such as assertions, manipulation of collections, and reflection tasks. Programmers should grok your code in a blink
blinkenapplet	BlinkenApplet is a Blinken-Player that supports nearly all kinds of BlinkenStreams: Files blm, bmm, bml, bbm or network UDP. As it is written in Java, it&#039;s plattform independent. It can be used as applet, application or even on MIDP2.0 cell phones.
blinkenled	Blinkencode is a library for controlling BlinkenLED hardware (18*8 pixel matrix) that is connected via the parallel port under Linux. It provides interfaces to play movies in the original .blm format and to display text messages.
blinkenlights	The Blinkenlights project is a collection of hardware and software for adding many more of those useless but fascinating blinking lights to your computer. Show network load, music visualizations and more, all on your computer&#039;s case!
blinkensisters	&quot;Blinkensisters - Hunt for The Lost Pixels&quot; is a Jump&#039;n&#039;Run game for Windows, MacOSX, Linux and POSIX-compatible Unix-Systems. It&#039;s fun to play and you can very easy make your own levels with a simple text editor (including scrip
blinkflash	A command line utility for uploading images to winkflash (a digitial prints company). Also supports album creation, setting a photo&#039;s notes (the notes are printed on the back) and image download. Requires python 2.3 and uses screen-scraping.
blinkk	Blinkk the next generation forum software. Blinkk inspired by digg, Newsvine and del.icio.us supports crowd sourcing of links, images, audio, video, user editorials, daily columns, commenting, tagging and feedback. digg + del.icio.us + forums = Blinkk
blinkserv	The goal of the blinkserv-project is the design of the \\&#039;Simple Blinkenlights Transfer Protocol\\&#039; and the implementation of a server that can handle all of its features.
blinky	Blinky is a graphical network usage monitor for Linux and Solaris.  It displays the usage of one or more network interfaces using blinking lights (as in the dial-up system tray icon in Windows).  Blinky uses the GTK+ graphics library.
blinzel	Blinzel is a simple desktop applet that reminds you to blink with your eyes. Most of all us forget to blink when we sit in front of a PC. This simple program pops up and reminds you to blink with your eyes.
blip	Let the &#039;blip&#039; project transform your batch scripting abilities as a solid platform for performing script-based system administration on the Windows NT/2000/XP/2003 operating system.
blipdriver	BlipDriver is intended to be a FLOSS alternative to the FSD/Squawkbox/ASRC packages used by FlightSim networks such as VATSIM or IVAO. It will focus on creating a suitable server akin to FSD, then a graphical ATC client similar to ASRC/VRC.
blis	Blis is a CGI based Content Management System, written in awk, light and very fast. It uses plain text files written in wiki-style syntax as page sources, parses them, applies a selectable template and presents the results to the reader as web content.
bliss	Moved to JBoss project as JBoss/Common.  Bliss is a project to provide open source infrastructure support for Java.  &quot;Reuse is Bliss.&quot;
bliss-scanner	BLISS, Advanced Security Analyzing Tool is an as informative as possible Security Scanner. It has special scan-routines, for the main platforms. We try to include as much techniques as possible. This includes: port-scanning, http-fingerprinting, etc.
blissemu	The Bliss Intellivision Emulator is no longer maintained at SourceForge. See the offical website at http://bliss.kylesblog.com for access to the Bliss source code.
blister	Decentralized content distribution system using BitTorrent and RSS.
blitpixie	BlitPixie is a collection of optimized software blitters, written in assembly language or normal ANSI C. They perform a lot of normal pixel moving operations, and all work in 8/16/32-bit depth.
blitz	Blitz++ is a C++ class library for scientific computing which provides performance on par with Fortran 77/90. It uses template techniques to achieve high performance.  Blitz++ provides dense arrays and vectors, random number generators, and small vectors
blitz-templates	Blitz templates is a fast template engine written in C and compiled as a PHP module. It started as a php_templates replacement, but developed into much more. It is based on extensible template controllers (PHP) and weakly-active templates (HTML).
blitz6	Blitz6 will be the next Macromedia Flash. It will incorporate dynamic multimedia elements in a serialized and highly portable fashion to be used in conjunction with a dynamic content server. Blitz6 will allow users to create dynamic multimedia with ease.
blitzcodes	Colecci?n de codigos fuente y acompa?ados en algunos casos por videotutoriales, para crear efectos para programas en tiempo real, el codigo incluido ser? en lenguaje blitz-3d
blitzdirect	BlitzDirect is a 3D engine that works on many platforms like Windows XP, Windows Vista, Linux and MacOS. It uses DirectX 9 on Windows XP, DirectX 10 on Windows Vista and OpenGL on other systems. The BlitzDirect GUI can be used on these platforms, too.
blitzed	Blitzed is a collection of tools which I wrote intially in a matter of ours. It currently &quot;features&quot; a newsletter tool and a small app to take suggestions from users and display a tagcloud based on them.
blitzedit	BlitzEdit is an alternative opensource IDE for the programming language BlitzBasic.
blitzer	Blitzer is a simple tool for driving the SX-Blitz microcontroller programmer from Parallax.  There is now a version for PalmOS devices.
blitzjavaspaces	An opensource implementation of JavaSpaces
blitzmax-ide	An Integrated Development Environment for the programming language BlitzMax including a program editor, debugger interface and help system.
blitzmaxgtk	BlitzMaxGtk is a module which adds Gtk+ and Scintilla compatibility to BlitzMax (currently only available for Linux)
blitzmessenger	Blitz Messenger... a cross-platform/cross-browser/no-downloads-required application allowing an end-user to chat via their browser. Alls required on server side is Blitz and alls required on the Browser end is Javascript and a person willing to chat!
blitzmodeller	An open source modeller aimed for the indie developer, specifically twords the Blitz programming community.
blitznet	New game that will simulate Hacker into server (virtualy of course). I would be like a virtual world that you can chat, exchange file, and hack server or friends...
blitzro	The BlitzRO Project develops a software that is compatable to run on the Athena source codes for Ragnarok Online servers. This software provides an easy installation for users that are using it. Server side files are found in source.zip while clientside
blitztest	Blitz is a generic tool whose purpose is to maintain and execute test cases of arbitrary complexity. Blitz can be used either as a command-line tool or as a full-featured graphical user interface.
blitzwave	blitzwave is a c++ wavelet mini-library building on the blitz++ array classes. blitzwave is heavily templated and supports wavelet decompositions of n-dimensional arrays of various integer and floating point data types. blitzwave is fast and extensible.
blizcode	&quot;blizcode&quot; is the backend and content management system for blizzle.com, with an aim on extending this to be used in any other web site by anyone anywhere.
blizzaga	Blizzaga Media library is a tool for generating playlists for use with external media players. A maximum file size is specified for a playlist, allowing the user to restrict generation to the capacity of their device. Currently supports PSP file system.
blkbrd	Blackboard is a distributed container for processing events.  It is designed to be easy to learn, deploy, and use, yet powerful enough to handle the most complex event processing demands.
blm	Bloom is a great rule-based development framework for websites, web applications and CMSs. Bloom (web-loom) rules promote consistent look and feel and integration of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, data model, etc. Bloom applications are single HTML pages (SPADE)
blnotifier	A .NET notifier for Bloglines, written in C#
bloat	Bloat is a Perl script which analyses an archive&#039;s filename and extracts it using a suitable extractor.
bloatedtostring	&quot;Bloated toString &quot; is a helper library for debugging java classes - it lets you view values of all the fields in a class, including inherited fields. You can plug-in your own class handlers to customize the view of your specific classes.
blob-blog	A simple, ready to use blogging tool written in perl, no DB required, just copy it to cgi-bin and play
blobblog	blob is a simple blogging application for users of all levels. It allows users to quickly add text and photos, which are then presented stylishly on your web site. No programming knowledge is required -- just enter text and select photos.
blobby	Official continuation of the famous Blobby Volley 1.x arcade game.
blobinside	A clone famous puyo puyo game, but with network support to play with all your friends all around the globe.
blobit	BlobIt is an in-development game engine being created on the .NET 2.0 framework. It&#039;s eventual concept is to create a DX9 (and higher) compatible game engine that allows for commercial quality games at a fraction of the cost. All while being Open So
blobjournal	The BlobJournal is a small, customisable script for blogging/journalling. Its main advantage is its size and customisability.
blobkombat	Blob Kombat is a remake of an obscure and fun Amiga game of the same name, where the goal is to manouever your blob to jump on and squash your opponents.
blobmanager	BlobManager is a small tool written in JAVA to manage BLOBs within your MySQL-Database. It provides the options to upload, download or view the BLOB, if it is a picture. You need to install mmMySQL JDBC Driver to use this tool.
blobnet	A distributed directory/registry for WAN and LAN environments for storing any kind of leased resources (JAVA proxies, .NET proxies, documents or whatever that can be properly categorized) whose can be categorized in a semantic manner.
bloboats	Bloboats is a boat racing game in the spirit of Elasto Mania or X-Moto, introducing a handful of elements from Super Mario Bros -like games.
blobsy	Blobsy is an Open Source MSN Messenger bot, designed for easy setup, flexibility and ease of use. It is highly customizable and adding more functionality is extremely easy.
blochlib	BlochLib is an expression template library of generic data structures and algorithms to perform large scale nuclear magnetic resonance classical and quantum mechanical spin simulations, with many I/O capabilities,and integrated numerical routines.
blockart	Block Art is a MacOSX application for viewing ASCII art graphics documents. It can open .nfo, .diz and .asc documents, and properly displays the contained ASCII art.
blockattack	Game based on the game &quot;Tetris Attack&quot;. This has nothing to do with tetris. This project will focus on the single player experience
blockbuster	High-resolution image/movie player using OpenGL/X on DMX displays.
blockcheck	blockcheck is a simple Linux shell script for automatically blocking worm-infected hosts which pollute internet connection and error logs (e.g. web server logs) with numerous failed connection attempts.
blockcrush	Block Crush is a puzzle game which you pair blocks of the same shape and colour. The blocks disappear when you pair two or more blocks and you complete the level if there are no blocks left. It is easy to add more levels.
blockdrop	A classic Tetris clone.
blockdropattack	A falling block puzzle game. Very similar to the game Crack-Attack, but with speed and extensibility in mind.
blockdropper	Another block-dropping game, wherein players attempt to form and then destroy large chains of coloured blocks to score points (or humiliate other players).
blocker	Our Project is going to develop a NIDS(Network Intrusion Detection System) named Blocker, based upon a open source NIDS(watcher). The watcher was modified to regocnize more attacks, generate access lists to cisco routers to block automaticaly attacks.
blockmenu	Main and sub-menu plugin for Geeklog. Plugin consists of an admin section and two blocks. The first block displays main menu items and the second block displays sub-menu items for the menu item selected in the main menu block. PHP, mysql, Geeklog.
blockml	BlockML is a markup language and parser for ColdFusion MX. Web designers use BlockML to create display files that can only access queries, variables and functions explicitly provided by the developer. This prevents execution of arbitrary CFML code.
blocko	In Blocko it is planed, to create a simulator/game to for all LEGO parts (every user can add new parts) and building models with them.
blockparty	Getting new content onto your computer, iPod, or other MP3-compatible player has never been easier. BlockParty is designed to make recording SHOUTcast-compatible music from the internet quick and easy.
blockprint	A flexible web logging-oriented CMS that focuses on Web standards and extensibility.
blockrage	Highly addictive falling blocks game with detailed graphics and animated plasmatic backgrounds. Challenge your friend in a 2-player hotseat mode! Strongly inspired by a superb DOS classic.
blocks	Blocks is an anonymous distributed file transfer system designed for people with permanent &#039;always on&#039; Internet connections like DSL lines or cable modems. It allows you to anonymously upload files from, and download files to the Blocks server 
blocks-mobile	Simple fast tetris clone for mobile phones supporting Java.
blocks3d	Blocks is a 3D tetris variant (yes, another one) using the Crystal Space 3D Engine. It serves as a nice playable game and also an example of a not-too-complex game using Crystal Space.
blocksmtp	A daemon to detect spammers trying to harvest email addresses by username guessing and temporarily DROP them with iptables firewall rules.  The program also looks for and kills sendmail processes that have been stuck in &quot;cmd read&quot; mode for a lo
blocksolve	BlockSolve is a solver for quantified constraint satisfaction problems.
blocksshd	BlockSSHD protects computers from SSH brute force attacks by dynamically blocking IP addresses by adding iptables rules.
blockstacker	A block stacking game written in Perl/Tk.
blocktality	Blocktality is an award-winning top-down shooter in which the main character Sphero is fighting against the cubiods for the freedom of his people.  The gameplay involves fast paced combat interspersed with interesting physics puzzles.
blocs	Blocs (BLock Oriented Control System) is a highly modular approach to hard and soft realtime control.  Complex systems can be built by loading and interconnecting software components, and systems can be modified and tuned on the fly.
blocxx	A cross-platform, general purpose C++ framework for application development.
blog-creative	this is template driven web blog. Using php, smarty, mysql.  Free for everyone.
blog-ease	A high-end blog software that utilizes Java and JSP.  The main release will interact with MySQL and future releases will have conectivity to other SQL compliant DB Servers.  Blog with ease with Blog-Ease!
blog-java	blog is an interface for managing a multi-topic blog (Web journal). Its easy interface allows users to quickly create journals with several topics, all of which are concurrently accessible. It could also be used to create a categorized FAQ or a press rel
blog-machine	This multiuser multiblog CMS will allow its users to create their own full customizable Blogs (inc. RSS feeds). The main feature is that you can choose you favorite Blogs to see their news on the main page. (requires PHP, MySQL, mod_rewrite)
blog-writer	The blog writer is a php based blog inspired from wordpress
blog42	blOg42 is a full featured, easy-to-use blogging tool for PalmOS based devices written in C/C++. Our features include: Atom Support, Image Posting, HTML editing, Offline Drafts, and more.
blog4j	A project to build Java tools on top of the various weblogging APIs.
blog52	Blog52 is a weblog application written in ASP with MS SQL Server as database, will be Access too.
blogalia	Blogalia&#039;s Open Source projects
blogamp	A Winamp plugin for publishing the user&#039;s playlist in a weblog or a webpage
blogathon	Blogaton is a web logging framework, intended for people looking for a cool,quick but comprehensive web logger for their own sites.
blogator-script	Blogs hosting platform which includes multimedias features (audio, video, survey, subdomain...), fully customizable. French language only for the moment. Plateforme de blogs multimédia (audio, vidéo, sondage, sous-domaine...) en Français, pleinemenent
blogauthor	BlogAuthor is a plugin for eclipse which allows the user to author a blog entry. It uses the plugin architecture to facilitate adding new blogging servers. The initial implementation will provide access to JRoller and the local file system. BlogAuthor is
blogbackup	Blog Backup System. Target on popular blog systems in Taiwan.\n???????--????????????Xuite?Wretch?
blogbb	blogBB is a seamless integration of blog and forum. Unit tests make for simple plugin writing, and the use of labels to organize posts allows for posts to optionally show up in the blog and the forum at the same time.
blogbot	This project is an IRC bot which snarfs links mentioned on a channel and posts them to a weblog. It allows for titling, commenting, and stylistic formatting such as bold and italics. It also has provisions for detecting inaccessible URLs.
blogbotrss	RSS readers for Internet Explorer and Microsoft Outlook
blogbridge	BlogBridge is an RSS Reader/Aggregator designed for people who read and follow a large number of RSS feeds. Typically these are Weblogs (or blogs) but there are many other kinds of RSS feeds as well, which BlogBridge is des
blogbucket	A web based blog aggregator that utilizes AJAX like technology.
blogbuddies	blogBuddies is PHP software which gathers RSS and Atom feeds into a layout similar to the LiveJournal Friends page.  It is optimized for blogs, and works with Blogger, LiveJournal, DeadJournal, GreatestJournal, Xanga, RSS feeds, and Atom feeds.
blogbuddy	A small windows program to control web-publishing sites such as blogger.com.
blogcaster	Blogcaster is a Java-based desktop GUI application that allows you to post to your blog without a web browser. Written in Java/SWT, it works on Linux and Windows and is intended for end-user blog authors.
blogcfc	Blog CFC: A blog system written using a ColdFusion Component designed for ColdFusion MX.
blogcms	BLOG:CMS aims to be the most complete personal publishing platform consisting of Weblog, Forum, Wiki and Gallery, based on MySQL/SQLite and PHP. It is also capable of creating static XHTML pages, thus being able to process massive amounts of visitors.
blogconverter	DotText2DasBlog is a blog converter that will move posts, and comments from dotText to dasBlog.
blogeame	Blogeame is a Blog Manager written in PHP and MySQL, lite and easily aditable.\nBlogeame es un gestor de Blogs escrito en PHP y MySQL, ligero, fácilmente editable y completamente en castellano (próximamente en inglés y gallego).
blogentis	Blogentis is a blog publishing platform. It is written in Java and supports multiple blogs with multiple authors, multiple categories per post, templating, plugins, media storage and integration with JNDI for user accounts.
blogerdotnet	A  blog website to provide blog service,written in C#.Our ultimate aim is to create a highly reuseable  blog/communality framework for dotnet programers.
blogger-lite	&quot;Blogger Lite&quot; is a mini Blogger. At Blogger.com You have to give out your FTP information. In Blogger-lite, you provide your own FTP information(no one has to know it) and there is a style changer on the front page.
bloggerapibot	Post and Publish to any Blogger API compatable weblog (Blogger, b2, MovableType, Nucleus, BigBlogTool, BlogWorks XML, Blogalia, and Drupal) via this AOL Instant Messenger bot.
bloggerman	Cross platform WYSIWYG editor  for blogging platform
bloggeruniverse	A blogging system written in php.
bloggervalley	A web-based community tool empowering subject specific blogger to create a valley for bloggers. We are still working on our alpha servers, we will be uploading everything to sourceforge soon. Keep watching. Our main site is http://www.bloggervalley.com.
bloggr	Bloggr is a WordPress photo gallery plugin to display a user&#039;s Flickr photos.  It also allows a community to form by linking other Bloggrs and Flickr Groups together.  The user can also allow people to post pictures from Flickr onto their site, if d
bloggurulinux	Linux Faq e coletanea de receitas de bolo.
bloggy	Bloggy is a simple weblog application, similar to Radio UserLand and Blogger but based entirely on Open Source technology: PHP and MySQL (with PostgreSQL support planned for the future).
bloghub	BlogHub is a java client for Blogger systems. It allows to copy posts among different blogger systems, which makes it a hub of blogging. It is useful for those users who want to immigrate from one blogger system to another blogger system.
blogience	A blog post rating and filtering system allows you to form a community of blogs and view their best posts in your interest area. This is better than RSS readers as you choose topics that interest you; and can see posts from blogs you didn&#039;t subscrib
blogin	Blogin is a system of management of personal pages in XHTML + CSS + PHP + MySQL.
blogit	blog-it! is a CMS enhanced for weblogs and photoblogs. With it you could publish and administrate all the data from your site. Designed on a modular way, you will be able to load and unload the addons you want, also is released with nice template system.
bloglens	A collaborative filtering engine developed in PHP. Users submit ratings for different weblogs around the net, and using that information, we can suggest new sites to users with the same likes/dislikes.
bloglib	Bloglib is a Java implementation of Blogger API, MetaWeblog API and Movable Type API.
bloglinesmailer	BloglinesMailer makes use of the bloglines.com webservices API to retrieve RSS feeds and email them.
bloglinker	BlogLinker is a Blogroll like tool that is run on your own server. It&#039;s built fully in PHP, and includes such features as multiple BlogLinkers, as well as XFN and FOAF support built in. The output of the script is also fully customizable
bloglite	Bloglite is easy to setup, and includes a load of features, including a basic template system, publishing, admin panel, comments system, template switcher, profiles and heaps more.
blogmail	BlogMail software is a CMS and a Webmail application integrated in one. It&#039;s based on WordPress MultiUser and has all the functionality of this, like RSS and comments, plus support for LDAP, smarty templates, automatic subdomains and antispam filter
blogmanager	Automatically get information from RSS Source,select useful content and publish them to BLOG via Email
blogmate	Simple, effective, to-the-point LiveJournal Blog information.
blogmatrix	BlogMatrix J?ger is an extensible, one-panel weblog and rss aggregator and podcasting client. The project uses wxPython and runs on both Windows and Macintosh as normal application. This code also includes the &quot;Universal Search Parser&quot;
blognet	Dot Net Based Open Source Blog Management Script. It uses many of the popular databases. Simply for install and use!
blogninja	BlogNinja. Written in Python for some of your blogging needs.
blogologic	Add targeted, relevant content to your blog or network of blogs in any niche while using a unique system to get all your blogs indexed FAST and get relevant links to each blog - Totally Autopilot!
blogomatic	Blogomatic is a Win32/Linux compatible Web journal system.  It runs on PHP using MySQL, and aims to be powerful, yet simple to configure, use, and setup.
blogometro	Blogometro is simplified implementation of &quot;Blodgex&quot;, to track the weblog&#039;s links and updates.
blogoommer	Blogommer is a desktop software application written in Java for managing a remote blog site through FTP. It sports a handy WYSIWIG editor for editing blogs and a main window for accessing blogs, links, remote server information and website information.
blogoscope	Set of tools to analyse content, links, popularity, RSS, etc. of weblogs.
blogotron	The Blogotron is a perpetually running program which tends your blog and allows you to add entries by emailing yourself with the subject \\&quot;blog\\&quot;. It assumes a little about your system... but with a little tooling it can work for you too. You\\&
blogphpscript	BlogPHP is a simple and very easy-to-use PHP-powered Blog script. It includes basic features such as adding blogs, categories and comments. Also it features the ability to upload files, add static pages, add links and much more.
blogpics	JSP based photo-blogging package
blogping	Form-based pinging of online weblog aggregators similar to Ping-o-matic. Allows people who are using weblog systems such as Blogger to ping such aggregators.
blogpingr	Blog Pinger can ping xml-rpc update servers when you post something new in your blog.
blogpoint	The Blog Mod is a fully featured weblog system designed to integrate with a phpBB forum and thus allow all its members the opportunity to create a weblog and share their thoughts to the rest of the forum in the form of a online journal/diary.
blogpress	BlogPress is a revolutionary CMS used for blogs.  It uses the PHP engine.  It allows you to make your own custom templates, and is quite flexible.
blogprober	This is a blog friends prober.It can discovery all the friends on the blog.\nIt can jog one blog to another,and record the routine.If needed,it can output a graph! It can also discovery different friends groups automatics.
blogprog	Webbased framework for easily setting up a weblog, with a range of popular weblog functions.
blograp	Blograp is a semi-static blog generation system. You make the blog entries in text files, put the files in folders, put meta- headers in the files, and generate your entire blog so that mostly static files sit on your web server.
blogreader	BlogReader is one of the open source news reading programs (RSS aggregator) written in Java.
blogscene	A sophisticated blogger using Lucene as the storage/retrieval mechanism.
blogschapines	blogschapines is a blog directory and feed agregator.
blogsensible	BlogSensible is a blog platform for those who wish to blog but do not wish to excessively complicate the process.  It has fewer database calls, customizable, and cost effective to maintain on a low budget.
blogsharp	This is a blog content viewer/editor, developed in Mono/C#.
blogsnuke	Blogs module for DNN 3.x.x version.
blogson	Blogson is a simple blogging system using jsp and a database to display posts on the net. It includes many features such categories, members, custom styles, a guestbook, customizable sides, statistics, and full administration over every aspect of a blog.
blogspeak	Open source version of the once popular blog commenting service.  This version allows you to run BlogSpeak locally on a properly equipped server.
blogstyle	This is a multiuser blogging software.
blogsuite	Home-made CMS. Created originally as a fishing blog. Entire suite is hand-coded from scratch. Also 2 b released, as a separate entity, the &quot;post-editor&quot;. It&#039;s sorta BBcode like. Better features, not as pretty.. :p
blogsuy	Project for the development of a weblog planet and blogger&#039;s comunnity system
blogthat	A tool that makes it possible to easily write posts and to automatically publish these posts to a weblog system. In the beginning only CommunityServer is supported. The tool is written in C# and targetting the .NET v2 framework.
blogthing	A simple weblogging tool based around PHP and a MySQL database backend.
blogthis	A blogging system that&#039;s not the fastest, the most secure or has the most functions but a blogging system that has a well designed GUI and easy-to-use functions as well as a proper documentation.
blogtk	BloGTK is a GTK-based client for Blogger, Movable Type, and other blogging systems written in Python using PyGTK and Glade.
blogtoday	BlogToday is a personal blog system ,written in C# (.Net2.0),using ajax heavily, and support Database including MS Assess, MS SQL Server, Oracle, and so on.
blogtool	BlogTool is a fully open source blog tool.
blogtools	BlogTools is a set of small applications for weblog mantainers.
blogtrader	BlogTrader Platform Professional is a free, open source stock technical analysis and portfolio management platform with a pluggable architecture that is ideal for extensions such as indicators, charts and trading strategy. It&#039;s built on pure java.
blogtunes	BlogTunes is a Java application similar in nature to the popular Kung-Tunes OS X application that sends information from iTunes to blogging servers.
blogue	Blogue is simple but powerful J2EE weblog system.
blogunity	Blogunity is a community blogging software written in Java.
blogware	Blogware is a CMS tool, created to manage small sites like weblogs and community sites, using the power of PHP+MySQL and XHTML+CSS, with dinamic refresh of content.
blogware-php	A PHP base class for use in communicating with the Tucows Blogware Reseller API via XML-RPC.
blogwelder	BlogWelder is a dynamic (unlike blogger) content management system (CMS). Supports journal entries, perma-links, trackback (referers), polls, rated comments, rss xml feed, calendar, dynamic menus, and multiple topics. Java and JSP. Ultimate blogging tool
blogwrite	BlogWrite is a suite of blogging scripts powered by PHP and MySQL. It includes comments, multiple users, CMS system, easy bbCode-like syntax &amp; a script that generates printer friendly entries &amp; single entries
blogzilla	A full-featured XUL-based blogging client that supports most major blogging APIs.
blogzone	A PHP Library for adding a Blog to your webpage or portal.
blojsim	An Instant Messanger Add-on for the blojsom (http://blojsom.sf.net) java blog engine
blojsom	blojsom is a full-featured, multi-user, multi-blog package written in Java. blojsom aims to retain simplicity in design while adding user flexibility in areas like back-end storage, flavors, templating, themes, and plugins.
blok	Blocks is a tool for 100% VISUAL composition of web applications in a simple, modular and 3rd party extensible way.
blokish	Open source clone of the four-player board game Blokus. Players attempt to place as many of their 21 pieces on the board while preventing other players from doing the same. Features a rudimentary AI.
blokkal	Blokkal is a KDE blogging client designed to support multiple protocols and blogging sites. The goal is to provide a uniform way to access the most commonly used blogging systems.
blokken	Blokken is an application which aim is to help children in primary and secondary education by making studying more fun and enjoyable.
bloko	A web application platform used to manage content in units (Bloks). These units can be wiki pages, weblogs, image galleries... while new types can be introduced with fairly little effort.
blokz	a php journal requiring no mysql database.
blome	Blome(Blog Homepage) is a blog-centered site management system aimed at the user looking for more than just a blog. The goal is to merge a simple to manage and configure blog system with a lightweight CMS.
bloo	Bloo is a free, public-domain, object-oriented implementation of full-featured blog software, based on the Phoo Phramework. You can visit the Bloo home wiki at &lt;a href=&quot;http://outofthebloo.com&quot;&gt;outofthebloo.com&lt;/a&gt;
blood	The goal of this project is to recreate the fun gameplay of Monolith&#039;s Blood thanks to the Quake engine.
blood32	Project to recreate Blood using the Icculus build engine port.
bloodbank	This application will help blood banks to registrate their donors. Planning: search donors by phenotype.
bloodbowlleague	Imagine a football league composed of teams of orcs, goblins, elves, dwarves, humans ...  As a trainer, you manage one of those teams and guide your players through the matches against other teams : hotseat, in net-based leagues etc.
bloodbowlwiki	Sur cette page, chaque coach peut mettre à jour son team rating, et ainsi nous tenir au courant de l&#039;évolution de son équipe.
bloodhound	Bloodhound is a robot for task-automation, using a map-based or high-level instruction set. Tasks include a combination of querying databases, analyzing data, transfering files or even sending emails.
bloodhoundcrc	BloodHound is a Windows program compiled from C# source files that will generate Cyclic Redundancy Check numbers for a given file, directory/folder, or other locations. The program uses the CRC-32 algorithm using the same seed as used in Ethernet layer.
bloodlinetree	This is intended to be an Open SOurce family tree management soltution allowing viewing, printing, and editing of family trees, This solution will be developed using C# and SQL2005. Currently the solution is working but needs more debugging and revision.
bloodpurge	Blood Purge is a an attempt to create a FPSRPG with the Quake Game Engine Source. The Game is centered around the future after World War III when a zombie dictator comes back to life and animates the corpses of the dead in order to rule the world.
bloodrevival	The project aims to bring the aging Vampire: Bloodlines game by Troika to the latest Source engine, keeping as much content as original as possible.
bloodshed	Bloodshed - is the 2d OpenGL game.You can shoot with both hands from the various weapons for a variety of purposes. Is pre-alfa version for Windows, it is planned to go and port it to Linux.
bloodspilot	XPilot optimized to run the Blood&#039;s Music map
bloodwars2	&quot;BloodWars 2, The Bastard of the Voud&quot; is the famous sequel of the infamous BloodWars, a turn based strategy game, for the Amiga computers. BloodWars is Warlords like turn based strategy game with a pinch of humor.
bloodybeard	A point &amp; click adventure featuring a teenager and a cute tiny bear (inspired from Lucas games)
bloodyjc	OpenSource Jabber Client for Series 60.
bloodywound	Bloody Wound is an engine that&#039;s supports old FPS like Duke Nukem 3D, Doom 1&amp;2, Quake 1&amp;2 or Blood. Our goal is to provide hight-end graphics, an excellent gameplay (Mouse support,...) and many other things !
bloof	Bloof is an infrastructure for analytical processing of version control data. The main distribution provides a GUI for visualizing the evolution of a software project. External tools can access Bloof via Java API and a XML result mechanism.
bloogee	BlooGee establishes semantic peer-to-peer networks, stores and forwards messages, based on HTTP communication between common CMSs. Access through AJAX based interfaces or HTTP-header. Works as add-on/editor for microcontent collections like weblogs.
bloom	Cross platform C++ BitTorrent client
bloonix	This is a perl module and it collects system statistics like processor workload, memory usage and other system informations from the /proc filesystem.
blootbot	IRC bot written in perl, based on Infobot. Features MySQL, SQLite and PgSQL support and tons of weird, funky, useless, undocumented features to make it bloated: A blootbot.
blooth	Blooth is a Bluetooth / Internet gateway that connects Bluetooth enabled mobile devices with each other over the Internet. Users can query and communicate with other users using the Blooth messaging protocol.
blop	Bandlimited oscillator plugins for LADSPA hosts. Sawtooth, square, variable pulse and slope-variable triangle waves. Also contains an increasing number of other random plugins - see the project home page.
blopplot	BLOP - A LaTeX-Oriented plotting software.
blorbiter	This project provides Blender Python scripts that will allow users to work with the propriatory mesh format used by the Orbiter space flight simulator.
blossym	Blossym! is a simple PHP blogging script which sends page content in the Atom 1.0 XML format thereby letting XHTML generation occur on the browser via an XSLT transformation (and also on the server if the &#039;xslt&#039; PHP module is installed)
blosxom	Blosxom is a lightweight yet feature-packed weblog application designed from the ground up with simplicity, usability, and interoperability in mind.
blotter	An XDCC Client developed for streamlining access to files provided by the XDCC protocol. Based on DavidA&#039;s Bottler, this fork appears to servers as an mIRC client in order to evade detection.
blottosphere	Experimental collaborative system for creating interactive artworks online.   Requires a Flash-6 player or plug-in.  Actionscript and server source code available; modding/hacking encouraged.  Let\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;s make some art!
blowfish	The aim of the Blowfish project is to produce a new style of contact management system which ensures communication with your friends never dies.  Blowfish will continually remind you who you haven&#039;t emailed.
blowfishj	(deprecated)
blowfishvhdl	BlowfishVHDL provides a free implementation of the Blowfish cipher (see &lt;http://www.schneier.com/blowfish.html&gt; for more info about the algorithm) in fully synthesizable VHDL.
blowpass	BlowPass is web based password storage system that uses the Blowfish algorithm and  a Host-Proof design pattern.
blox	The purpose of the project is to develop a quantitative medical imaging and visualization program for use on brain MR, DTI and MRS data. It is a joint project of the Kennedy Krieger Institute and the Johns Hopkins University, Psychiatric Neuroimaging Lab
blox-web	!! This project has been abandoned !! Blox is a web suite designed to allow webmasters to focus on developing content instead of the site. What makes Blox unique is that adding a feature is as simple as dropping a folder on the server.
bloxornet	Bloxornet is a graphical tetrinet client for the Mac OS X operating system.  It is derived from the GNU GPL &quot;Tetrinet Aqua&quot; project and still closely resembles it.  We are currently working on user interface refinement and addressing some crash
bloxos	Bloxos is a multiplayer physics game. The objective is to remove blocks from stacks without causing the stack to fall. The one who causes the fall, loses.
bloxploitation	Bloxploitation allows you to analyze web traffic and develop an access policy to limit abusive or unwanted traffic. Policy lists are exported in several common formats suitable for application access control lists or DNSBL zone files.
bloxxi	A tetris clone project. To include features that are present in TetriNET, as well as hotseat multiplayer. Made using the Allegro library.
bloys	A Java based centralized CRM system. Early objectives are managing clients, managing products, creating per product per client licenses, scheduling maintenance at clients, and an open architecture to allow for existing legacy systems to be connected.
blp	Bangla Language Processing tools developed/monitored by Center for Research on Bangla Language Processing, BRAC University, Bangladesh. See http://www.bracu.ac.bd/research/crblp/ for details.
blpdb	This is a simple Perl package providing a database based on a binary file. It can read and write up to now and can be defragmentated (frequent write access fragments it still).
bls041206	David&#039;s Documentation Site
blt	The BLT Toolkit is an extension to Tcl and Tk.  It adds new commands and widgets to the Tcl interpreter.  Included widgets are 2D graph, barchart, stripchart, tab notebook, and tree viewer.
bltables	A daemon enabling the administrator to translate events (e.g. log events) into actions (e.g. firewall rules).
bltk	Battery Life Tool Kit is a set of scripts and programs to monitor and log power consumption of Linux laptops/notebooks under different workloads. Set of reference workloads is included in the Tool Kit
blu	BLUcms is an extension on PHP, used for creating other applications in PHP. Like PHP-Nuke(when finished some more) but more like libraries, included into scripts.
blua	BLua is a full featured Lua IDE for writing Lua code. It has code completion, code analysis with error display, code structure trees and many other features found in professional IDE&#039;s. It also has some World of Warcraft Lua specific features.
blubber	Blubber system is an Eclipse RCP application for distributed systems modeling. Designed for university researches and inlcudes: task graph editor; graph transformation tools; graph modelling on distributed system; real-time modelling on GerdaFramework.
blubos	BOS  B.lu operating System, is an operating system dedicated to small microcontrollers and CPUs without MMU. Actually this operating system is dedicated to Texas Instruments MSP430 microcontrollers (it can be ported to other CPUs without great changes
blue	Blue is a pure java port of Nagios. Blue is therefore a java host and service monitoring platform. Blue server, Blue Console and Blue Agent is cross compatible with the equivalent Nagios components - http://blue.sourceforge.net
blue-c	orange is a new object oriented programing language, combining features from objective c, java and scheme.  it&#039;s main targets are compactness, efficency and rapid prototyping.
blue-diamond	BlueDiamondWiki is the WikiEngine based on DiamondWiki.
blue-hive	software to preform basic tasks with bluetooth-enabled mobile phones
blue128	Blue 128 is a multi-user, web manageable SQL based add-on for Asterisk PBX which provides the administrator with the ability to provide end users with random authentication codes.
blue22	Blue22 is a graph editor that can create bar graphs, line graphs, circle graphs, and picto-graphs. It saves all graphs as gif images so they can be edited in paint programs and displayed on webpages.
blueagave	Blue Agave is a game engine and editor for the Windows Platform. Blue Agave&#039;s interface is similar to Visual Basic and it uses JavaScript as the scripting technology. Blue Agave is a game editor with visual components to build it and an in-editor en
blueamp	A comprehensive hotkey-controller and display program for Winamp 2.x and 5.x
blueapple	izPack based Java Installation Creator - XML based Configuration and Ant Project Management
bluebbs	A CGI forum, support multigroup, need signup, change setting without re-upload
blueberry	This is a project made using Delphi Open Edition. It&#039;s an OpenGL 3D engine above the Windows desktop. Instead of using the Windows conventional desktop, you browse through the desktop in a 3D world.
bluebery	bluebery is an easy-to-use sql/php based content manager that provides php libraries and methods to use in your sites pages with which you can very easily access &amp; print desired items, or an iteration of items that are stored through the bluebery web
bluebird	A php script to generate iptables firewall script. A interface used to keep track of ip address which you choose to block.
bluebit	Open Source reference implementation of Java Specification Request #82 (JSR-82) standard: Java APIs for Bluetooth Wireless Technology.
blueblog	Java-/servlet based blogging software, designed for easy setup and extreme flexibility.
bluebottle	Bluebottle Email Verification (Challenge-Response) System
bluebox	Fluxbox-like &quot;window manager&quot; for Windows.
blueboxshell	Bluebox is a replacement shell for Windows 2000 and XP, designed to mimic the look and functionality of Blackbox, a window manager for various UNIX-based operating systems (e.g. Linux and *BSD).
blueboysis	BlueBoy SIS is a full school admin program. You will be able to track a student from day one in your school. Enter grades for report card and transcript printing.  Uses PHP4 and MySQL
bluebridge	A client-server software that makes possible to connect wireless devices to Internet using bluetooth and other not IP-based protocols.
bluecal	The application provides a pure Java calendar with two versions,desktop (J2SE) and mobile device (J2ME) version. Both can be synchronized via Bluetooth automatically. iCal support and Google calendar synchronization is also provided, and much more!
bluecerberus	BlueCerberus is a communication software intended to be used within a small community (such as a College or a company) to provide chat capabilities through the use of Bluetooth with JavaME and a web interface.
bluechip-qms	A web based Quality Documentation repository for ISO/EN/BS 9000:2000 compliance
blueclipse	bluEclipse is an Eclipse plug-in reproducing most of the basic functions of the popular Java tool/editor BlueJ such as generation of class diagrams, instantiation of objects, inspection of classes and objects at runtime, invoking methods/library classes.
bluecom	Overcoming the short Bluetooth range by creating a wide Bluetooth scatternet that allow its participants to communicate with the other participants in the same network limit using text message written by the mobile editor.
bluecore	BlueCore is a library for the BC01b and BC02 Bluetooth chips from CSR
bluecove	BlueCove is a JSR-82 implementation on Java Standard Edition (J2SE) that currently interfaces with the Microsoft Bluetooth stack found in Windows XP SP2 and newer. Originally developed by Intel Research and currently maintained by volunteers.
bluect	blueCT is a computer aided instruction tool.  It comprises a client and server components which allow instructors to present slides that include interactive questions, and allows students to provide interactive feedback on the lecture.
bluecube	BlueCube is a simple tetris clone written in C. It uses the great SDL library, so the game is platform-independent and there will at least appear packages for Linux and Windows. I started this project to just get into game and graphics programming.
bluedater	BlueDater is a Java-based dating-application.
bluedesk	BlueDesk - Webbased Administration Tool for Webservers
bluediving	Bluetooth pentesting suite. Implements attacks like Bluebug, BlueSnarf, BlueSnarf++, BlueSmack and features like bluetooth address spoofing.
bluedoc	Bluedoc is a Tool for generating documentation in HTML format from doc comments in source code in C and C++. Like Javadoc.
bluedot	BlueDot is a system for publishing PHP websites. You whant to publish some content on your website and needs a system that handels that or you want to build your own applications and need a system that handles navigation, authorization, permissions etc.
bluedragons	Blue Dragons es un proyecto enfocado a la creaci?n de un videojuego RPG en 2D usando C/C++ y la librer?a Allegro.
blueduke	BlueDuke is a lightweight Java Bluetooth stack. It is based on the Harald Bluetooth stack from Lund University, Sweden (http://www.control.lth.se/~johane/harald/), but will feature support for various profiles, with SDP and RFCOMM as mandatory goals
blueerp	BlueERP is an accounting application for small and medium business. It is delivered through a LAMP environment to provide web access to your accounts.
blueeyeos	The BlueEye OS Project is attempting to create a new-age, streamlined, efficient, stable and user-friendly operating system based on the Linux core that runs software from currently existing OS&#039;s as well as its own native format.
blueeyevc	FTP based Version Control System / Project Management tool for small projects. Fully distributed with own FTP / BlueEye CV Server.
bluefeather	Open source operating system project build completely from scratch, single click installation and distributed as an ISO.  Immune to viruses and spyware, models the simplicity of the Mac OS X operating system in a unique way.
bluefig	Bluefig aims to simplify connecting your laptop or PDA to the Internet using a GPRS or 3G mobile phone over bluetooth. Just pick your country, network operator and your device and go! The initial release is for the Sharp Zaurus line of mobile computers.
bluefire	Bluefire is intended to be a portable, general-purpose, real-time 3D game engine with support for sound using OpenAL, graphics using OpenIL, libpng, OpenGL, and DirectX. It includes scripting support and an object-oriented rendering system.
bluefish	Bluefish is a powerful editor for experienced web designers and programmers. Bluefish supports many programming and markup languages, but it focuses on editing dynamic and interactive websites.
blueflops	A two floppies Linux distribution with a graphical web browser (links with SVGALIB), a text mode IRC client (rhapsody), configuration scripts with &quot;dialog&quot; front-ends, almost all of the Ethernet drivers from the latest 2.6.x kernel, PPP, ssh an
bluefox	All effort are being directed to the Squirrelmail Project which is also here on Source Forge.  SquirrelMail has an excellent start on something that will be spectacular in the years to come.  Go check it out at www.squirrelmail.org
bluefractal	BlueFractal (&quot;Building a Logically Unified Environment using Fractal principles&quot;) has been renamed to Centrallix.  See http://centrallix.sourceforge.net/ for its new home page.
bluefunk	A lightweight music player for GNOME 2, using a filesystem-playlist-library user interface. It is written entirely using cutting edge Mono code, in C#, Gtk# and Gst# (GStreamer framework).
bluefusion	The BlueFusion package consists of a Java SocketServer and a Flash Client which can execute basic file functions such as write to files, delete files, copy files from within Flash. It is designed for XML-Files but can handle all types of plain text.
bluegen	BlueGEN is a Business Layer generator for the .NET Framework compatible (for now) with SQL Server and Oracle. It supports defining advanced relations between objects through a easy-to-use designer.
bluegps	BlueGPS is a Symbian OS application that runs on UIQ.  BlueGPS grabs your current location from a GPS receiver and allows you to upload this to a remote server (via HTTP).
bluegrid	Real estate appraisal software environment with emphasis on stability, cross-platform compatibility, flexibility, extensibility, and scabililty.
bluegum	An intranet engine for schools.  Includes facilities for students to hand in work.
bluehands	A Bluetooth Handsfree implementation for Linux&#039;s Bluez stack. Allows you to use your PC&#039;s microphone and speakers as a handsfree speakerphone connected to your Bluetooth phone. This contains a C/C++ library, Java bindings, and a simple Java app
bluehole	Bluehole is a Bluetooth device emulation and sniffing tool
blueice	Blue Ice is an open source HTML editor. It is currently written in Visual Basic, and a GTK port may be in the works at some point. This editor focuses on increasing the speed of the user in pounding out web pages, mainly through keyboard shortcuts/macros
blueide	A replacement IDE for DarkBASIC Professional which aims to provide an powerful, easy to use, flexible editing environment with integrated access to the wider DBPro community.
bluej	A Java Protocol Stack for Bluetooth.  For Linux, a JNI interface is provided to the BlueZ system interface.
bluejant	The BlueJ Ant extension gives the developer more control over the compilation of their projects from within the BlueJ IDE by using ant build files.
bluejart	BlueJaRT is an automated regression hunting application that supports hunts for regressions introduced in code revisions. Our initial module implementations will support hunts for regression in software application builds.
bluejaw	Phone Based Chat Software to allow, Public, Private and Conference Mode chat.
bluejay-quest	Bluejay&#039;s Quest is a game about a bird from Super Mario World as he looks for eggs. This game draws a lot from Super Mario World but is quite different from any Mario game. I suggest you experience this game for yourself!
bluejcheckstyle	The BlueJ Checkstyle extension is a wrapper for Checkstyle, a development tool to help programmers write Java code that adheres to a coding standard.
bluejinx	This project aims to discover discoverable and non-discoverable devices, connect to services device, create a fingerprint based on the BT addr, use serial port to send sms and other stuff
bluekaffeine	&quot;BlueKaffeine&quot; is a script programmed in Tcl for Linux systems. It controls basic functions of the KDE&#039;s media player Kaffeine (kaffeine.sourceforge.net) with a mobile telephone through a bluetooth connection.
blueleech	BlueLeech is an open source program which starts at a particular URL and spiders through all available links, and the links on those links, etc. downloading all or a pre-defined range of content from any URLs it encounters while spidering through the URL
bluelib	Blue is a cross platform C++ library.  It provides basic utilities for common application functionality.  The platform dependent code is replaced with an easy to use interface so that the developer can concentrate on the application at hand.
bluelink	BlueLink is a daemon program that observers cell phone events. It connects automatically available phones via bluetooth. Now, for example when your phone is ringing or your battery charge is getting low it shows notification bubbles on your desktop.
bluelinux	BlueLinux is a Northern Ireland based Linux distribution for everyone - designed to be easy to install and learn for users without prior Linux (or computer) experience, while powerful enough for longtime Linux users. Being an Open Source project without
bluelist	Mailing list manager designed to be faster, more robust, have more toys, and be easier to use than any other list server.
bluelog	An open source replacement of DeLorme&#039;s BlueLogger.  This application controls the logging and downloading of data for the DeLorme Earthmate Blue Logger GPS unit (bluetooth).\nTargets are MacOS X, command line Unix and the Nokia 770 Internet Tablet.
bluelovers	koreSC is the modified Kore Bot for  Ragnarok Online bot.
bluelvm	Bluel VMail is a semi-complete Linux-based autoattendant and voicemail system designed to work with the Diamond SupraExpress ISA modem and an outdated (i.e. cheap) Panasonic hybrid phone switch.  Uses Perl and vgetty.
bluemango	This project is a web based complex inventory system. Not for public distribution, but for academic purpose.
bluemantis	CoralReef is a GPL\\&#039;d environment for creating advanced websites in a flexible and modular fashion  Based on PHP, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, and XML, Coral Reef leverages best of breed projects like Smarty, phpLayersMenu, PEAR, and DadaMail
bluemarine	blueMarine is a Java(TM) based digital photo editing application. It can load, show, edit, organize photos and is able to generate web galleries.
bluematrix	bluematrix; A matrix based TODO program where you can organise your tasks in Groups, Projects and Directories for workgroups or single users.
blueme	BlueMe Messenger is an Instant Messaging (IM) client for mobile phones using Java ME (J2ME). Currently an independent IM client, but planed integrated with both MSNP and XMPP (Jabber). The client utilizes both an Internet connection and Bluetooth.
bluemgf	BlueMGF is a j2me framework to create multiplayer games or applications running on mobile devices via bluetooth. An example of a Tank Combat Game for two players is included.
bluemote	Bluemote Controller - a Bluetooth(tm) Remote Controller for J2ME platform and desktop systems with Python.
bluemsx	The MSX emulator to experience MSX differently. blueMSX is a cycle accurate emulator that emulates all generations of MSX computers as well as SVI, ColecoVision and Sega SG-1000.
bluemud	Bluemud is a mud server implemented using Java and Jython where the driver/server is in Java and the mudlib and in-game world is in Jython (the Java-based Python interpreter).
bluemusic	blue is a music composition environment  for use with the Csound sound system.  It is written in Java and runs on Linux, Windows, and MacOSX.
bluenet	BlueNet is a framework for developing Mobile Ad-hoc Network applications, the framework is built on bluetooth and java (jsr-82).
bluenews	Ziel: Die Schaffung eines News-Systems, welches sich im layout anpassen l??t, und welches sehr einfach zu installieren sein soll.
bluenotetex	BlueNoteTex is a OS Independent Tex Development Environment. It is a plug-in for eclipse.
blueonjop	Bluetooth API for JOP is an implementation of Java Bluetooth API (JSR-82) for the Java Optimized Processor (JOP).
bluepalm2x	Remote control MacOSX applications with any Bluetooth enabled Palm handheld.
bluepath	BluePath is an open-source Club &amp; Society management system.\nIt&#039;s built on Struts + Hibernate and allow users to communicate via the application, create internal projects, administrate members, activities and sponsors.. as well as themselves.
bluephone	BluePhone is a GNOME applet to allow you to remotely adminster a bluetooth-enabled mobile phone from your desktop and also to control your desktop from your mobile phone.
bluephoton	Photon generates better web site usage stats for marketing and management, enhancing common log analyzers. Easy to use, easy implementation, low requirements. Ready to use, free service at http://photon.authinc.com.
blueplayer	cross platform light simple audio player
blueport	Blueport is an italian Open Source 32-bit operating system ... This project has temporarly moved to Gna.org: &lt;a href=&quot;http://gna.org/projects/blueport&quot;&gt;Blueport project&lt;/a&gt;
blueprint	Blueprint is a free, cross-platform, open format for the storage of many types of 3D structures and scenes.
blueprintseve	Software to manage BPO/BPCs in the online game EVE Online.
blueremote	This project is for an XMMS plugin that uses the bluez bluetooth stack to communicate to any ericsson, sony ericsson bluetooth enabled phone as a remote control.
blueriver	BlueRiver is a base library for OR Mapping Layers in .NET/SQL server applications. Keywords are &quot;simplicity&quot; and &quot;ease of use&quot;. The simple architecture and use of BlueRiver is its main advantage compared to other OR Mappers available.
bluerl	Bluerl (Bluetooth Erlang Library) is an erlang layer over some Bluetooth stacks, such as, ng_ubt used in FreeBSD, ubt in OpenBSD and BlueZ in Linux. It is intended to provide Bluetooth access from Erlang/OTP environment.
bluerondo	Application running under Opie to enable the user to communicate with others via a Bluetooth connection. It will also allow the user to continually scan for other Bluetooth devices in the area and to automatically send the device a message.
bluerun	BlueRun is a small launcher application written in C using GTK. The launcher features default action, history with auto completion, fork/execvp when executing applications. The goal is to keep the launcher as small as possible (~10k).
blues	Blues is a small, concise Java application framework built around an intellegent micro-container and a customizable XML configuration engine. It supports developing flexible, maintainable systems using techniques from OOP, AOP, and SOA.
blues-system	BluES (BluES like universal eEducation System) is an integrated eEducation system implemented in Java that allows for creation, authoring, organisation and presentation of objects related to education and provides a/synchronous cooperation services.
bluescan	A Bluetooth scanner and message sender. Scans for devices in the range and by a given policy it may send multimedia messages to or initiate communication through the Bluetooth link. The communication service may be another project.
bluescreen	Open voting systems software, developed rapidly by a widely distributed group of programmers for use on current and new voting hardware. Built democratically from the ground up, starting with a forum discussion to determine technologies to be used.
bluesea	Blue Sea will be a turn based mmog set in the future underwater. It will be written in PHP and MySql, and use browsers as an interface. I am also putting together a development team to work on the 3D aspect of the game by popular request.
blueseaworld3d	At this point in time, all work will be done on the blueseaworld project, This project will be suspended.
blueserv	A PHP-Based IRC Service called BlueServ. Based on P10 Protocol.
blueshare	This project will enable cellular phone users to share files via bluetooth in a peer to peer fasion
blueshift	Blue Shift is a turn-based MMOG designed to be playable in any, modern browser. The game stresses community as much as gameplay and implictly supports squads, factions and alliances. ** Project Suspended Temporarily Due To Real Life :)
bluesite	Bluesite is an Open Source system for building and managing ASP.NET websites. It uses standard ASP.NET technology, and integrates seamlessly into already created ASP.NET websites. It is programmed in C#.
bluesjam	BluesJam is an Interactive Human Fitnessing model that employs an n-mentoring architecture for fitnessing and evolving music using genetic algorithm methods. The particular style targeted is Blues music with the possiblility of targeting other genres.
bluesky	.Net code generator which can generate data access class, Business loginc class and user interface class base on database schema.
blueskycity	Blue Sky City will be a MMOG (Massive Multiplayer Online Game), allowing to have your own room and stuff.
blueskygame	Blue Sky is the first hacking simulation game released by exoSyphen Studios, now available for community development.
blueskytime	A plugin to support the development and testing of web applications in Eclipse.
bluesmiley	Online Organizer includes bookmark management, to-do lists, contacts, diary, knowledge, etc
bluesmoke	EDAC is a set of Linux kernel modules for handling hardware-related errors. Currently its major focus is handling ECC memory errors. However it will eventually support other types of error handling (cache, thermal throttling, hypertransport, etc.).
bluesms	SMS Management System
bluesmssend	Perl-script which allows to send a SMS via the command-line using the Bluerate-site (available only in Germany and only for customers of the Bluerate-company). Adaptable for other telephone companies.
bluespark	BlueSpark develops 3D games/software for the Linux Platform. Current projects include the eKlipse library, which is a development kit that includes premade classes for several simple and complex tasks. Future projects(games) have already been planned.
bluesphere	The goal of the BlueSphere Project is to build a flexible, expandable, and easy-to-use authoring system for all forms of interactive fiction. The present focus of this project is on the development of a new interpreted programming language.
bluesphere3d	BlueSphere is intended to become a functional 3d modeling tool similar to 3ds max and Maya. BlueSphere is mainly targeted at the modeling part of 3d ... but as development goes by, rendering will most likely also be implemented.
bluespot	The BlueSpot Software is a Java based Service Server that extends the idea of the tool Wlandscape in order to display a wlan location on bluetoothable mobiles.
bluess	BlueSS: Skype over Bluetooth for Symbian Phones
bluestar	Accounting System for Linux. It lets the administrator the possibility to permit network access based on both IPs/MACs and it is possible to apply CBQ download/upload caps. More will be possible in the future.
bluesteelsec	This is a system to fully automate the process of securing Windows-based computers. See http://www.philscanlan.net/bluesteelsecurity.htm for details.
bluesvn	This BlueJ-Extension is developed by three student assistants of the lecture &quot;Programming II&quot; at Saarland University. It is designed especially for the students of this lecture, but useable by others too.
bluesync	BlueSync is a project that aims to seemlessly integrate the calendars of your computer, laptop, PDA and GSM together as one. This is done by syncing the data to a central server. Also, it does not aim to replace the current calendar, but just support it.
bluetag	BlueTag is the Interaction System using Human Motion Detection and Sense Recogniton with RFID tag
bluething	BlueThing is a graphic interface to `hcitool` and `rfcomm`, allowing users to send files via bluetooth without using terminal.
bluetools	A set of tools built on PHP/MySQL intended to ease the burdon and paper trail on IT departments with regard to PC Evaluation (Site Visits), Asset Tracking, other tools, and the integration of each.
bluetooth-alsa	ALSA drivers and daemons for using bluetooth audio devices
bluetooth8x	A Bluetooth Protocol Stack for the TI-84 Plus series of calculators.
bluetrash	Command line interface trashcan freedesktop.org specs compliant. For each trashed file rememeber name, original path, date of deletion, and permissions.
bluetunes	A music player / organizer. Light as Winamp, useful as iTunes, but music is grouped by albums, and displayed in 3D. Uses Winamp plugins, so can play any music format Winamp can. Has a database which enables quick searching, and quick startup time.
bluewalk	(A WebWorm Crashed my website!! :( )BlueWalk is a small software for Symbian, it is the first automatic system for personal communication, that allows to communicate with the people around you. It will give you a new way of using phone.
bluewar	BlueWar is a 3D Multiplayer Real-Time Strategy Game (RTS) that features a futuristic combat on the surfaces of various planets in the universe.
blueware	Are programs and add-ons are for mac os x only.
bluewater	Blue Water is an open source  3D graphic and game editor . Support modify and create plugins.It consisted of 3d math , 3d driver, aux lib, core .. several sperated dll which can be used as a single module.
bluewhale	Ett litet skalbart flermoduls program f?r att samla in och sammanst?lla data ifr?n anv?ndare. Till exempel f?r val av ?mnen, kurser, osv i skolsammanhang.
bluewhalecrm	BlueWhaleCRM is a .NET based Customer Relationship Management application intended on reaching an audience wanting a robust CRM package that is scalable and supports pure Rapid Application Development environment.
bluewindows	Blue Windows(BW) is a lightweight library for developing Windows applications and UI components.
bluewire	Bluewire is a graphical user interface for BlueZ
bluewonder	The intension of the BlueWonder-Project is to build a PHP5-Framework for development of all kind of web-applications. Our goal is to provide components which helps to develop these application in a very easy and rubust way.
bluexare	BlueXare Bluetooth Broadcasting System is aimed to provide a content spreading platform. It is formed by a specific GNU/Linux distro, a Bluetooth broadcasting daemon, a Bluetooth service point architecture design and a set of system managent tools.
bluez	BlueZ - Official Linux Bluetooth protocol stack
bluezip	A graphical cross-platform compression utility written in SWT and JFace.
bluezwalker	The project consists of developing Linux prototype for Bluetooth roaming. Its aim is to allow the user to move freely on an area containing several Bluetooth?s LAN Access Points (LAPs). The code is based on the LAP Profile and on the BlueZ stack.
blui	BLUI is an ongoing research project in user interface design for virtual reality environments.  BLUI was developed by the Arctic Region Supercomputing Center at the University of Alaska- Fairbanks.
blunyx	Blunyx will be an easy to use and not to slow game library for ruby.
bluprints	Bluprints is a Java JSP template framework. Simple, elegant, just plain old awesome!
blur	A Drupal (PHP, MySQL) like content management system, purely written in .NET and C#. Module-based system, SQL Server support.
blurb	Blurb is a portable, fully customisable, PHP-powered Web 2.0 quote management system.
blurc	blurc - Bluetooth Remote Control Control your Linux computer with a Mobile Device running J2ME and BT. blurc is splited in two parts: blurcc, the blurc client, running on the mobile device; blurcd, the blurc daemon running on the linux computer.
blurninator	A Blurninator randomly generates strings from a context-free grammar specified (incrementally) via a Web interface.  Enjoy all the absurd juxtaposition of classic fill-in-the-blanks, with a constantly evolving pool of unique material your group provides.
blurredvision	This is a PHP tool written to allow users to upload images, ringers and applications to any Sprint PCS Vision enabled wireless phone. It requires =&gt; PHP4.
bluxte	A set of web application development frameworks and components that learn from Apache Cocoon and the new wave of Raily/Ajaxy frameworks
blw	Sort, filter and aggregate lists of business objects without all the boring code! This library provides a powerful &quot;view&quot; approach to data binding .NET objects to user interface controls.
blz3cart	This project provides an oAW 4.0 cartridge for an easier way of plugin development for the Blizzard III raytracer.
bm-analyze	BrainMaps Analyze is a powerful command-line program for Mac and Linux that allows users to grab high-resolution image data from the BrainMaps server and apply image analysis and image processing routines.
bm-commons	BlueMold Commons is a collection of useful frameworks, grown out of need and simplicity.
bm-game	Betrayer&#039;s Moon is an innovative, original strategy-action RPG developed in Sphere, currently still in the design phases but slowly being fleshed out by our growing staff. If you have any interest in joining our project, please contact dremelofdeath
bm-itemoi	Has changed to BitTrackerX in alleigance with the xslash network. BitTracker X will be a ultra-high feature bittorrent tracker allowing the user to view highly detailed information about torrents, users and seeders, and other features.
bmagic	BitMagic - C++ library implementing dynamic bitvectors with several types of on-the-fly, adaptive compression. Designed for use in databases, search systems, scientific projects.
bmap	bMAP is a simple PHP/DHTML system for dynamically showing position of an indicator on a background image.
bmap4j	bmap4j is a framework for the management and processing of batch jobs in Java.\nOver a well defined JMX interface batch jobs can be controlled and queried\nfor status. bmap4j provides functions to optimize batch execution in J2SE and J2EE environments.
bmarchiver	BeyondMail archiver is intended to allow BeyondMail users to archive their mail outside BeyondMail conveniently. The initial version will translate BeyondMail export files into multiple files with an HTML index for easy browser access.
bmarks-portlet	A JSR168 compliant bookmarks management portlet application developed with Apache Struts and the Apache Struts Bridge from the Apache Portals Bridge project.  Initially targeted at the uPortal community.
bmarksportlet	This portlet allows users to bookmark web pages, including import/export of existing bookmarks. The bookmarks can be organized in folders. Portlet also provides the feature to bookmark WebSphere Portal pages. This portlet supports JSR 168 specification.
bmat	Document signing and crypto server
bmayacal	bMayaCal is Mayan calendar software. Simply put, it correlates the Mayan calendar with the Gregorian calendar currently in worldwide use. It is free, open source software designed to run on many operating systems including Windows, Apple OS, and *nix.
bmb	A MySQL Backup Tool
bmbrendler	Password Management System
bmbsurveymanage	SurveyManager is a flexible survey module for PostNuke. Administrators may construct multi-page surveys with many different types of questions. The module will collect responses from the general public, which are stored in a database and may be exported.
bmc-os	Provide an open source solution for the integration between SP and KB services, based upon the BMC CMDB product.
bmcsensors-26	A port of the lm_sensors bmcsensors driver to Linux 2.6.
bmdbfcdx	RDD bmdbfcdx compatible with dbfcdx of harbour and xharbour, with \nbitmap filters and other extensions
bmdexpress	BMDExpress is a bioinformatics tool used to analyze microarray dose-response data.  The analysis provides benchmark dose estimates at which different cellular processes are altered in toxicogenomic experiments.
bme	Be-messeng-er is a project to provide the best MSN Messenger IM solution for BeOS and its derivatives. We need your help to provide constructive criticism and feature suggestions!
bme-labor4	Kindergarten Teachers race. The aim is to be the Kindergarten Teacher of Earth, throughout the whole alien invasion. Maybe you need to be bad to be victorious!
bmelibpy	The aim of this project is to translate the geostatistical BMELib Matlab Toolbox (http://www.unc.edu/depts/case/BMELIB/) into Python.
bmet	Tool for creating/adding/modifying estimates in boiler making industry
bmezeus	Brainfuck with a lot of Software engineering.
bmforum	BMForum is a open source forum based on PHP &amp; MySQL. BMForum is a powerful forum with AJAX,Tags,RSS and more Web 2.0 Technology.
bmh	Bounce Mail Handler(BMH) is a toolkit written in PHP to help webmasters handle bounce-back mails either in standard DSN(Delivery Status Notification,RFC-1894) or not.The regular expression rules are seperated from the main script and upgradable.
bmhaven	We are in the process of making an application to encapsulate all the information contained in blackmoon haven so you can have it in an easy to use updatable application.
bmht	BMHT is a method of target tracking that allows decisions to be adjusted and refined until enough data has been collected to ensure a level of confidence.
bmi-j2me	J2ME program for calculating Body Mass Index (BMI).\nThe formula is:\nBMI = weight / (height ^ 2)\nweight can be expressed in the unit kg or libbra\nheight can be expressed in the unit meter or inch
bmicalc	BMICalc is a Java/Java applet wich calculates your BMI (Body Mass Index). More features will be added by the time (like how much weight you should loose to live healthy etc.).
bmillenium	3D simulation projects including realistic sky and atmosphere rendering and wavelength/spectrum based color rendering.  May also later contain cloud and terrain generation.
bmind	BMind is a php software that is useful to measure cognitive skills of people affected by mental delay.
bmirt	BMIRT(Bayesian Multivariate Item Response Theory) is a tool which uses Bayesian estimation by MCMC to provide parameter estimation and model fit statistics for the MultiDimensional, MultiGroup Item Response Theory Model, exploratory or confirmatory mode.
bml	BML is a high level language for describing a business application. You can generate working applications with BML (when you have no big performance requirements), or use it for specification, prototyping or as an input for more efficient code generation
bmlife	all of the open source web software created by stickbob for your use.
bmo-cs	Ez a kis játék a BME VIK Számítógéplabor IV. tárgyához készül 2006. tavaszán. Kis ügyességi/logikai játék.
bmobile	Bmobile is the project related to using mobile to take a photo to analyze the barcode.
bmonde	Beau Monde Network (founded 1998) is a group of people who take part in various social, sportive and other activities. Our main area of interest is computer games development.
bmotion	bMotion is an AI script for eggdrop bots to give them a bit of life and make them better channel members on IRC. It exposes a plugin interface allowing its functionality and behaviour to be easily adjusted and extended with TCL scripts.
bmp-itouch	With this Beep Media Player plugin you can take advantage of the extra multimedia (playback and volume control) keys on your keyboard to control the playback and volume functions of the Beep Media Player.
bmp-mp4	bmp-mp4 is a plugin for playing mp4/aac audio with beep-media-player.
bmp-nowplay	BMP NowPlay plugin
bmp100	BMP100 is a software that converts computers pictures to a format that can be displayed on the graph100 / afx2 graphic calculator from casio
bmp2gbtile	The bmp2gbtile utility is intended for Gameboy Advance development.  The utility will convert one or more .bmp files into a single C or C++ source representation.  This source can be used in a GBA project for on-screen sprites or background tiles.
bmp2html	bmp2html is a converter written in php, it converts your bmp files to tables cells, IT&#039;S FANTASTISC! ;P
bmp2phpfont	A PHP script that converts a BMP format image file into the PHP font format reqired by &#039;imageloadfont()&#039;.
bmpbuilder	This project is a eclipse plug-in for IBM WSAD 5.x to build the enterprise Java entity beans of bean managed persistence. It can map the tables and the relations to BMP entity beans and associations. It can generate the DAO and value VO classes as well.
bmpconverter	BmpConverter converts BMP images to various graphic formats suitable for the Commodore 64.
bmpld	BMPLD is a lyrics displayer for BMPx.It can search lyrics locally or download it int the network , and display lyrics acording to the lyric file time tag.
bmpseq	bmpseq is a GUI tool to generate an uncompressed AVI file from a sequence of BMP images.
bmptestsuite	A set of windows bitmap files that can be used to test bitmap processing software.  This test suite includes both well-formed and malformed bitmap encodings.  It also includes the source code that generates the bitmaps.
bmrsa	Generate RSA key pairs of arbitrary length; convert text between formats or use keys to transform/crypt text. Supports decimal, hexadecimal, base64 and text input and output. Entirely ANSI C++; no external dependencies.
bms	A Java-based Mailserver. BMS supports all email- and news-protocols.
bmsave	Battlemode Save is a tool for managing key setups (&quot;battle-mode&quot; layouts) from the game Ragnarök Online (http://www.ragnarokonline.com/). It allows you to import and export layouts from the game settings to files, and to take screenshots of the
bmsync	BMS, the Bookmark Synchronizer is a GTK2 application for editing bookmarks of all Your browsers, allowing to change browsers easily.
bmt	Berkeley batabase Manipulation Tool (BMT) wants to be a instrument for opening/searching/editing/browsing berkeley databases based on provided definition. Manipulation can be done using text command line interface and also graphical frontend.
bmud	BMUD is a Common Lisp multiuser dimension (MUD) of the Diku/LP/Circle persuasion with some traces of rogue-like games.
bmw	BMW (Bags of Multiple Words) is a project based in Lucene 2.0. that try to work with the query-term dependency. BMW offer a simple method that can be applied to several standard ranking functions to exploit a simple type of term dependency.
bmxplay	Tiny player (sound engine) for Jeskola&#039;s Buzz by Joric^Proxium. Includes PSM by Dr.Dsteuz, used in Peyote. Includes Klatt speech synth (experimental). First release in 64k intro Yo-08 which took first place on Paradox 2002.
bmypeer	A robust, stable, flexible and scalable protcol architecture for Peer-to-Peer Resource Locating and Sharing.
bnb	Bot (not But) is an irc Bot with lots of features ranging from interaction with the users, interaction with software in the bot\\&#039;s computer, etc.
bnbt	BNBT is a complete port of the original Python BitTorrent tracker to C++.
bnbteasytracker	The Trinity Edition of BNBT (TrinEdit) ? a modified version of BNBT, whose C++ source can be compiled for any operating system; BNBT EasyTracker ? a Windows Installer for The Trinity Edition of BNBT, a C++ BitTorrent Tracker. See homepage for more info.
bnbtusermods	Welcome to the CBTT/CBTC Project, Developing C based BitTorrent Trackers and Clients.
bncd	Sovereignty is a web-based strategy game written in Java.  It aims to work similarly to the Dominion and Utopia games, but with its own twists.
bnctimer	BNCTimer is a client/server software,It&#039;s a simple timer that you can control via a panel. It used in a cybercafe/internet cafe .
bncui	this is the User interface for Dark age of camelot DR version 1.82
bncwi	BNCwi is a Open-Source webinterface for psyBNC. With it you easily can manage your Bouncer via a graphical interface.
bndev	Java/XML toolkit for research using Bayesian networks and other graphical models of probability (exact and approximate inference, structure learning, etc.)
bnetd	Developing a personal Battle.net game daemon and associated utilities.
bnetherald	Battle.net Herald is an instant messenger client for Blizzard Entertainment&#039;s Battle.net (bnet) service.  It allows the user to log on to multiple battle.net servers to chat with friends without needing to launch his game client.
bnetprox	Battle.net Proxy server, so you can all computers connect to Battle.net
bnetutils	A collection of small utilities to use Battle.net chat without requiring StarCraft*/BroodWar*/Diablo* to be installed.
bnetwork	A P2P system that provides private, anonymous communication channels between entities. Provides sender and receiver location untraceability, receiver authentication, and lots of encryption between everyone!
bnews	bNews is a news system that supports MULTIPLE SITES. It supports categories, commenting, multiple news &#039;sites&#039;, and templates for news using the fast and flexible bTemplate class. The final version includes convertors for other popular news sol
bnf-for-java	BNF for Java is a BNF Compiler-Compiler, or Parser-Generator. It implements ISO Standard Backus-Naur Format, using Java. BNF allows you to create a syntax, or a complete language, to parse your data source. Your custom Java extensions generate output.
bnfparser	BNF Parser - set of Delphi components that are capable of parsing any text using tokens defined in a modified &quot;Backus Naur Form&quot; notation.
bnfparser2	Generic BNF-adaptable parser. The parser is generated at run-time depending on a particular BNF definition.
bnftool	BNF processing tool checks correctness of BNF grammar, generates cross-referenced HTML documentation, generates tests for language recognizers (parsers).
bnirc	a modular IRC framework and a good (IMHO) curses client to go with it, this is an active project and will continue to be developed for a while. The cvs is out of date. Use the releases please.
bnix	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
bnj	Bayesian Network tools in Java (BNJ) is an open-source suite of software tools for research and development using graphical models of probability. It is published by the Kansas State University Laboratory for Knowledge Discovery in Databases (KDD).
bnkb	These are some of the open source programs I am making.
bnl	This is a collection of softwares that I have been using in my research on protein interaction network. By release them under the GPL 2.0 lience, I hope that they can be useful to others, as well.
bnm-fc	A Macromedia Flash ActionScript 2.0 framework for developing robust, stable, secure, and portable Flash-based applications. PHP and other technologies are used to extend Flash beyond the browser.
bnn	I expect to produce a neural network library placing emphasis on ease-of-use and on speed, and relying on quick, simple boolean NAND operations instead of slow arithmetic ops.
bnod	BnoD (Blog with no Database) is an open source software to post blog. It was written in PHP and XML.
bnotes	BinaryNotes is the Open Source ASN.1 (Abstract Syntax Notation One) framework for Java and .NET based on annotations/attributes. The framework has the flexible ASN.1 compiler, the runtime library that supports BER, DER and PER, and the Message Queues
bnpp	A C++ Library for modelling and analyzing biochemical networks
bnrt	bnrt is a tool to distribute the rendering of animations using blender as a rendering engine over a network.
bnsyslogdaemon	Program presents itself service Windows for receiving and processing the messages in format Syslog (from of the same name daemon *nix / *BSD)
bnt	A set of object-oriented Matlab tools to work with a variety of static and dynamic probabilistic graphical models, such as classical Bayes nets, DBNs, HMMs, and CRFs, with a number of methods for inference and parameter and structure learning provided.
bnv4ukl	AI system for puzzle solving(sudoku solver).you have to change the puzzle by modifying the three dimensional array in the first line of code . you can understand the type of input in array after analyzing the output after the execution of code first time
bnw	The game is a Real Time Strategy game, with emphasis on the more social aspect of running for power in a multiplayer environment. The game will be developed for the Windows platform, mainly using C#. Developed towards being modable.
bnwebtools	The project is aimed to develop Unicode based Bangla (Bengali) tools to help web development. Primary tools include keyboard interpreter according to Bijoy, Avro Phonetic layout etc. and converters to convert from ASCII to Unicode &amp; vice versa.
bnx	This project is temporarily unavailable.
bo2k	BO2K is a remote administration tool for Windows systems. It comes with a client and a server. The server is lightweight and unobtrusive. A dynamic plugin architechture allows for easy system extension.
boa-constructor	A RAD GUI Building IDE for wxPython.
boa-script	This is a scripting language for the .NET platform, similar to Python. Previously, it had a nice IDE and could run Python code unchanged. This is a from-scratch reimplementation using the dynscript-net project. I hope to reimplement all the old features.
boaedremake	A collaborative effort to remake the Blades Of Avernum Scenario Editor.
boaf	BOAF - Block Oriented Application Framework- is a totally object oriented web application framework with a complete different, very flexible architecture.
boaj2me	Boa is a variation of the classic game were you control a worm, steering it to the next level by eating food and avoiding obstacles. In Boa you collect points by eating different kinds of food that also gives your Boa diffrent properties or change the le
boakeity	A biobank registry system for handling data regarding human biological samples.
board	Board is a cross-platform tool for playing boardgames by email and over the net. Board can facilitate the play of any boardgame if supplied with graphics for the game components.
board-collect	Board collect is a collection of some small board games.\nHope you enjoy it!
boardana	The Board Analyzer is a OS independent library written in PHP 5. It&#039;s main goal is structural analysis of Bulletin Boards like vBulletin Board (tm), phpBB, or Woltlab&#039;s Burning Board (tm), including forums, categories, stats, s.o.
boardcad	BoardCAD is an easy to use CAD-program that allows you to quickly design your own surfboards. It is written in Java and can export STEP-files for compatibility with other programs.
boarddesktop	This program right now is made to read live stats from message board software. The board software can be modified to output the data needed for Board Desktop to read.
boardfleets	This project is a massively multiplayer online game played through your webbrowser. You control a ship and planet in the startrek universe and carve out an existance with other players, eventually it is possible to create your own fleet and empire.
boardfusion	BoardFusion is a world-class web-based message board application written in ColdFusion.  It will run on Macromedia ColdFusion 6.1 and higher, and we will also strive to make it run on New Atlanta&#039;s BlueDragon.
boardgamebox	A generic framework to host online versions of boardgames. Currently &quot;Acquire&quot; from Avalon Hill is implemented.
boardgameonline	This projects provides an online server and web user interfaces for playing multi-player board games in the internet. Features contain extensibility for adding additional games, user management, competitions and ranking ladder systems.
boardgametool	The BoardGame Tool offers an easy, XML driven interface to implementing boardgames on the computer, with automatic network play, artificial intelligence and robot possibilities. Game rules are encoded in easy-to-learn embedded Python.
boardsearch	Cached Remote Board Title Search (aka Caching BoardsSearch); A free collection of Perl scripts with everything needed to host a search engine for a specific group of message boards hosted off site. Used for the VN boards but modifiable for other boards.
boardstatus	Boardstatus is a Web-CGI/Postgresql database to manage electronic prototypes, including butch lists, notes, and and parameters. Support for users with different authorizations is included.
boardsurfer	BoardSurfer: Software that uses browser sessions to automatically read/post, download/upload information in Web-based message boards, user communities and groups. Based on the abandoned tgpTrawler program from http://groups.yahoo.com/group/ClubTrawler
boardwalk	Boardwalk is a software tool used for creating web-based multiplayer board games. Non-programmers can create drag-and-drop games, and programmers can use Python to add functionality to these games. The target platform is the OLPC laptop (see laptop.org).
boardy	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
boardzillabbs	Boardzilla is a high powered, fully scalable, and highly customizable Open Source bulletin board package. Boardzilla BBS is buuilt with php and runs on the MySQL database. Bordzilla is the ideal free community solution for all web sites.
boarfish	Boarfish is a Game Framework for game developers , which provides features to create compelling 2D and 3D Games , in a reasonable simple way .
boastmachine	boastMachine is an open source, state of art blogging platform written in PHP and backed by a powerful MySQL database system. Its rich in features in contradiction to its size, which is tiny or microscopic. It is one of the simplest systems of its kind.
boatrally	BoatRally is a boat race game. In the game you can drive a boat aroud islands and ground. BoatRally has made with OpenGL and SDL-library and C++-programming language.
bob-blog	An open source php blog system
bob-music	Java software for the generation of pseudo-random music (currently midi only) based on various input parameters (BPM, Key, Scale/Mode, etc) and voice leading algorithms.
bobber	Bobber Logger - or Bogger for short is a mini blogger which can be plugged into any page or page section using the include() function in PHP. It uses MySQL to store its data.
bobblebubble	This is a are a remake of the classic bubble bobble game.
bobbot	BoB is an IRC bot written in c# for the .net framework.  It provides the basic requirements for maintaining an IRC connection and the associated data.  The functionality can be extended via plugins written in any .net enabled language.
bobbyboard	1 A workaround for the BobbyBoard\n2 Additional drivers for applicable sensor/engine. \n3 Route planning algorithm for a small robot\nPractical course at OvG university (Magdeburg/Germany). Project will be open for everyone after the course has finished.
bobchat	A simple graphical program for chatting with other users over a LAN.
bobik	Bobik is Open Source Web search,indexing engine with minimal period between re indexing.
bobjects	bobjects package allows beginning students to do GUI programming, implement object persistence, numeric testing, and date calcs. The GUI utility (GUIbrew class) supports introductory assignments with familiar GUI dialogs avoiding green screen console I/O
bobjob	bobjob is a console-oriented process supervisor. It can start and stop jobs with a specific environment (working directory, pipes, uid/gid, etc). It also restarts jobs if they die.
boblog	A powerful, widely used, single-user blog engine in China, powered by PHP and MySQL.
bobmarion	PHP-Nuke Web Portal System Addons, Blocks, Modules, Themes, and Tweaks.
bobo	A small, well documented and organized private branch exchange system.
bobo-browse	High performance faceted/parametric search implementation that handles various types of semi-structured data. Written in Java.
bobobot	BoboBot is a fast-action run-and-jump game based on the MegaMan series.  An evil force is taking over the Earth. Travel to different places, beating powerful bosses, and gaining their weapons.
bobopvs	pVS is a repository system clone of CVS written in PHP. It helps you keep track of your source files, find differences between version, creating and applying patches to existing sources. pVS is independent from any PHP extensions or external applications
bobproject	This project is dead and is hear for historical purposes, see http://sf.net/projects/zedbot.  Bob is a humanoid robot whos body was created by Newberg High School in Oregon and software written by Ryan Miglavs and Brandon Philips of Sherwood High School.
bobr	This project is devoted to development a irc bot and in the further , AI development.
bobs	Browseable Online Backup System (BOBS) is a complete online backup system. It uses large disks for storing backups and lets users browse and restore the files using a webbrowser.
bobsd	Securing the Secure OS.
bobup	BOBUP - Backup and recovery for application business objects. Backup usually implies backing up files/db - this is non-intuitive. With BOBUP, backup and recover granular info (eg. specific customer) independent of files/db.
bobw	We are a completely new mud engine not based on any previous ones but taking their best features, optimizing them and putting them to use.  The source code is mainly written in C++ and is aimed to be as multi-platform as possible.
bobware	Bobware tool suite is a set of small EDA tools which are useful in the design of integrated circuits. The suite contains a perl/tk script for region planning large ASICs (application specific integrated circuits.)
bobws	A &quot;best of breed&quot;, lightweight, modular web server, filling an empty niche. Combining Savant and Roxen as well as other GPL web server / application server software, as it fits. We are actively seeking help right now, as deadlines approach!
bocalendar	This Web Service developped with Java uses The Babel Objects Web Service Framework. It provides WebCalendar services. You can share your appointments very easily and great views are available. Moreover, a DreamWeaver extension is available.
bochs	Bochs is a portable x86 PC emulation software package that emulates enough of the x86 CPU, related AT hardware, and BIOS to run Windows, Linux, *BSD, Minix, and other OS&#039;s, all on your workstation.
bochs2delphi	Porting Bochs Emulator from C platform to Delphi.
bocinas	A-Life game, players can create and release MAAGs (Mobile Autonomous AGents) into the world using a variety of programing languages.  Also multiplayer rpg, where players can enter the world and interact with the differents MAAGs.
bocra	An Optical Character Recognition application for high quality printed text, geared towards (but not restricted to) the Bengali script.
bocrypto	BoCrypto encrypts/decrypts files using one-time-pad keys. Mersenne Twist PRNG is utilized for the key stream. Features enc/dec benchmarking as well as &#039;duress&#039; key generation. OTP encryption is the only unbreakable encryption, if implemented co
bod-phdf	A simple application for a brochure-on-demand system. Upload pdf files that can be selected by the user and merged into one master document with cover and required documents such as registration details for example.
boddah-portal	A set of scripts, written in Perl, for the purpose of sharing dialup internet connections over a home network (web interface).  They are basically a frontend for pppd, but allows you to shedule dialing and hanging up, and can redial on disconnection.
bodega	Bodega is a distributed objects database framework for AJAX, RIA, REST, SOA, and Web Services.
bodhi	A 3D RPG based in mythical China, centered on the adventures of the legendary antihero Monkey.
bodington	Bodington is a free VLE. Users can upload content, host discussions, publish/manage external links, make interactive resources, eg customised logbooks, peer-reviewed reflective diaries/e-portfolios, multiple choice tests, short answer papers (QTI) ...
bodo	BoDo will convert any existing Web services written in dotNet (.Net) into fully functional php code. The generated code will handle all web service calls and will contain the whole functions from the original web service.
bodr	The Blue Obelisk Data Repository lists many important chemoinformatics data such as element and isotope properties, atomic radii, etc. including references to original literature. Developers can use this repository to make their software interoperable.
bodyagent	blood vessel monitoring system
bodycount	BodyCount counts the number of deaths of players on a list of Half-Life gameservers.
bodyofmethods	yaph - yet another project helper - we develop software engineering components which will help you run your software projects.
bodypingpongmrk	A simple computer pong game that is controlled by body movements. Children are introduced to the concept of vector algebra without realising it. Future versions will require body movements while playing the game.
boe-dcm	BOE DCM is a easy to use CM for mapping objects in a relational database to their XML equiv. Interface as easy as 1-2-3, even your customers can log in and edit content!
boer	BOER (Battle Order - Educational Risk) is a modification of the popular board game with a twist.  Instead of using the luck of the draw your ammunition will be your knowledge on the subject of choice.  This is a fork of the Netrisk Open source project.
bof	Business Oriented Framework (BOF) is a Perl Application Server. Talking SOAP to the client, it is based on PostgreSQL, Perl, and POE.
bofhman	A compilation of useful scripts for the system administrator. The &#039;leatherman&#039; for today&#039;s BOFH.
bofhms	Toolset for pam based user management. Including Java client, database scheme (postgresql), pam and nss modules for postgresql (provided by the sysauth-pgsql project ) and interfaces to the system (e.g. rules generation for a traffic shaper).
boforum	This web service developped in Java provides WebForum services on the IMAP4/POP3 protocol : you don&#039;t need database, and common messaging tool like Netscape Messenger or Outlook permits to create/delete new forum and to moderate messages.
bog	A perfectly simple blog engine written in PHP without database backend. WYSIWYG posting and image upload/server browsing is provided by FCKEditor included. With linkblog &amp; multiple CSS templates it&#039;s ideal for small blogs about photos, graphics 
boggocluster	This project is a .NET implementation of the JavaSpace API along with the some examples using spaces. The software was written using the JavaSpace specification and not any other implementation. Persistence is provided via Bamboo Prevalence.
bogl	BOGL - an OpenGL scenegraph/renderer supporting modern hardware (vertex and pixel programs via Cg, buffer objects, etc), freetype fonts, XML resource files, bezier patches, state sorting, separate render and simulation threads.
bogmog	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
bogo	Bogo is a new blog engine, based on php 5.1 and mysql, provides a complete environment to quickly setup and easy manage your personal blog.
bogomips	BogoMIPS is a benchmarking application for the PalmOS.  It implements the Linux BogoMIPS algorithm so you can compare the speed of you Palm to any other machine.
bogosec	BogoSec is a utility that calculates source code security quality metrics. A flexible framework interprets the results of existing scanners to compute these metrics. BogoSec is useful to track security quality across releases and competing packages.
bogotel	Bogotel simulates Intel Dialogic hardware for programs using Dialogic APIs. It allows programs that use the System Release 5.1.1 to run without special hardware (or the SR being installed). Includes support for main Global Call and some voice features.
boheme	Boheme is a framework which allows you to create server-side sync application using syncml. All the complexity of syncml is completly hidden.
bohemian	Media player
boiapi-dt	C# wrapped Biometric API. The wrapped BioAPI was defined by bioapi.org and was accepted as ANSI/INCITS 358-2002.  This project added a C# layer on top of it.
boikotta	A client to play multi-player chess matches on the net that run under console (*nix)
boiler-plate	Boiler-plate code for bootstrapping CORBA 2.5+ applications. The goal is to create a set of cooperative services and components needed by CORBA apps. Essentially, a pre-fabricated CORBA infrastructure that facilitates component based software engineering
boiler-template	Boiler-template source file generator script. Automates source file generation from template files. Speeds up developement of redundant or re-usable software. An example template for Linux Kernel Device Drivers generation, is included.
boilingsoul	A PHP/MySQL based weblog system.
boinc-stats-xsd	XML - Schemas for the statistic data produced by the BOINC project of Berkeley University
boincmin	This module should help BOINC Projects-Administrators to control and manage there Servers and Projects. You will need webmin (see webmin.com) to get this to work.
boincmon	BOINC Monitor. This program was written to monitor BOINC activity that may be running on multiple computers over a network without having to cross mount file systems. Runs on Windows/Linux/Unix.
boincstats	BOINCStats will provide the user of BOINC ( Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing) with detailed information about all his local and remote clients, the projects they are working on and about his and his team&#039;s overall performance.
boinctoolbox	BOINC project wu&#039;s overdue, deadline nor met? Don&#039;t waste your hosts CPU time and remove results that won&#039;t be used anyway.
boinctop	&quot;boinctop&quot; gives a statistical overview of all crunched WUs with the &quot;Boinc&quot;-Software (tested with the following projects: Seti@Home and climateprediction.net.
boincutils	Boinc Grid computing utilities
boincwapstats	This little PHP script allows you to dynamically generate BOINC stats signatures.
boingowifitool	The Boingo® Embedded Wi-Fi Toolkit is a modular connection manager that can be integrated into dual-mode phones, VoIP handsets, portable gaming consoles, digital cameras, and other mobile devices that can benefit from broadband connectivity.
boisjoli	Boisjoli web-based role-playing game
bojangles	bojangles is a GUI form designer and structure file generator for the Centrallix (https://centrallix.sf.net) application server.  By using bojangles, a user can quickly create a page, add widgets, connectors, object sources, and form objects to create a 
bokeron-script	El proyecto trata de desarrollar un script para el cliente de IRC BitchX, de sobra conocido en entornos Linux/Unix, para que sea m?s amigable el manejo del programa en la red IRC-Hispano.
bokux2d	This is an powerfull and highly modifyable fully featured open source 2D game engine written in C. More like an easy to use game SDK. It is built on top of SDL for cross platform use. Level editor included
bol-game	This project is game in dongeui ac in the korea
bol2cpp	This is the Cobol 2 C++ translation project.
boldsoapserver	BoldSoap Framework (BSF) is a lightweight Web Services integration framework based on the idea of Dependency Injection and AOP.  Instead of transforming XML like MS-BizTalk or IBM WBISF, BSF uses AOP weaving based on WSDL to create dynamic call.
boledit	BolEdit is the first level editor for Bolo (? 1987-95 by Dongleware) - a truly unique Arkanoid/Breakout clone by the makers of Oxyd.
bolero	Database explorer and editor for Windows and Linux for several databases: Oracle, MySQL, Interbase/Firebird, PostgreSQL, MSSQL, some basic functionality is available for every database via ODBC. Intended mainly for database developers. Check webpage for
boletoja	A simple billet generator.
boletolivre	boletolivre is intended to be a library for banking billets generation, in compliance with the standards of the Brazilian banks. This is based on the phpboleto project.
boletophp	O Projeto BoletoPHP é um sistema de geração de Boletos em PHP que é mais simples do que o PhpBoleto e que se estenda ao desenvolvimento de boletos dos bancos mais usados no mercado. Downloads ou para colaborar no projeto acesse: www.boletophp.com.br
bolix	Bolix enviroment is a spherical network oriented system designed tu be used by AI agents.
boloid	Another bat &amp; balls game inspired by 20 years old game bolo.
bolotron	Bolotron is an action-packed 3D tank combat strategy game.  Build bases and defenses and battle your opponent for domination of the island.
bolprocessor	Bol Processor is a program for music composition and improvisation with real-time MIDI, MIDI file, and Csound output.  It produces music from a set of rules (a compositional grammar) or from text scores typed or captured from a MIDI instrument.
bolsanet	Bolsanet is a game based on the real stock market world. The user connects to a public server, and, with a determinate quantity of money, has to invert in many markets and stock options to be the richest player of the month.
bolsites	bolsites is a powerful and speed optimized PHP5 framework for developing websites by using the Model View Control architecture and MySQL. Another main features is that you could use one single instance of bolsites for all pages on the same server.
bolt	The Bolt Platform is designed to take alot of the unnecessary burden of creating video games away from the programmers and put in where it belongs, on the computer. It centers on a new programming language(similar to java) designed 100% for game creation
boltcontentman	BH Content Management System (a complete re-write of Bolt Content Manager) is a continuous project. Written in PHP and using MySQL; it is easy to use and has a fast growing admin panel using a GUI interface. Skins are easily edited. Colours and fonts can
boltonchalk	Bolton Chalk is a java-based application which facilitates the production of animated material for teaching. It is particularly effective when used at an electronic whiteboard. Animations are exported in SVG format for display in the web or VLE.
bolyar-chess	A chess-like .NET board game based on the rules of the Bolyar Chess.
bom	Yet another sniper tool :-) BOM ist a tool to watch and bid on auctions. Many features like mail control, autoconnect/disconnect, integrated ODBC- client, multi-language-support, time sync, item grouping etc.
bomail	This Web Service developped with Java uses The Babel Objects Framework. You can combine objects to create your own templates with DreamWeaver extension or reuse the component to build your own application.
bomb3d	Bomberman-like game, 3d
bomba	Net Send Bomber ist ein Programm zum schnellen und übersichtlichen Versand von Nachrichtendienst-Messages. Es ist geeignet für Schulen kleinere Büros etc...
bomber	BOMBER is 3D airplane simulator game in OpenGL. This game is to be part of upcoming Game Development Tutorial.
bomberclone	This game, I hope it will be soon, a good Clone of the game AtomicBomberMan. It supports multiplayer over the Internet. It&#039;s a funny smal game which can be very funny with other human players.
bomberinstinct	Bomber Instinct as roughly the same goal as Bomberman, but here each character has its own special powers and you have to deal with the subtelties of maze-shaped levels (switches, teleportations...). Needs SDL, SDL_mixer.
bomberlan	BomberLAN is a GPLed 2d game with planned network support written in C++ with the aid of the SDL libraries.  BomberLAN is easy to pick up and play, but still extremely fun, similar to the classic Bomberman games on NES and SNES.
bomberlike	Multiplayer game made with Ogre3D (no idea for the real description for the moment)
bombermaaan	A classic Bomberman game, cloned on original SNES games, with great gameplay, that aims to be very customizable, very fun, very simple to play, and playable online!
bombermac	Voici le nouveau projet de BomberMAC, un bomberman sur MAC OS X en ligne ! Au programme: un éditeur de niveau, un mode solo, un mode online (jusqu&#039;à 4)et mise à jour des cartes depuis le serveur et plein d&#039;autres choses.
bombermaniacs	PC Bomberman clone that tries to be as true to the original (SNES Super Bomberman) as possible. Details: 2D, at least up to 8 players planned (USB Joypads, no network yet), extensible (levels, bots etc.), Java 1.4 based
bomberogl	BomberMan with graphics acceleration, internet play, 3D (maybe...), mods (think of a 2D Quake!), and many more...
bombic	Another Dynablaster clone. Singleplayer/deathmatch. Uses SDL.
bombinet	A Bomberman-like Online in full 3D
bombingrun	A cross-platform, multiplayer biplane bombing game in the spirit of Sopwith.
bombit	bombit is a dynablaster/bomberman style game written in C using OpenGL and SDL. The main focus on this one, is to make a game with good graphic and great gameplay.
bombjack	Bomb Jack remake ( stage: planning )
bombman	The Bombman is a simple SDL game. You are moving a little guy, who jumps, shoots and searches for keys and other things. The aim is to get to the end of the current level, which may require killing all monsters, finding a key, or just jumping somewhere. 
bomborama	A little old-style platform game using SDL
bombsquad	bomberman like game in Java
bombtown	Bomberman Clone written in Java.  Multiplayer, allowing many players (max 4 per computer).
bombu	The idea behind Bombu is to create common user-friendly interfaces for different processes. Then your pc is the process and not only a program running on it.
bombus	Bombus - mobile jabber instant messenger. Target platforms - Cellular phones, PDAs whith Java MIDP2 profile
bombyx	Bombyx is a graphical client for the Secure Internet Live Conferencing (SILC) system from www.silcnet.org.  It is intended to be easy to use, and tries to break away from the typical IRC client model.
bomgag	BomgaG is a BBS/telnet client(or robot) to make the BBS world much more wonderful/hackable for a unix-lover, you can say it&#039;s a unix-version KKman or PCman, but much stronger. You can script in perl to control everything on BBS.
bomgen	Software to generate a Bill of Materials, in various formats, for Eagle or other PCB design tools.
bommatux	This project is dead.
bomns	The bomb, with an N!  Bomns is a keyboard tapping frenzy of cheesy arcade-style gaming goodness, implemented in DOS.  DXBomns is a massively improved Win32/DirectX monster of a Bomns game.
bomplayer	BOMplayer is a Macintosh based program that gives users access their iTunes Music Library without using the standard &#039;point and click&#039; mouse interface. It is particularly suited to lounge room music players and Mac mods.
bonanza	Bonanza aims to become a Web Content Management System (CMS) allowing maximum extendibility with its highly advanced modular system.
bonappetit	This is a recipe manager written in PHP with MySQL database that allows easy sorting and searching using group tags. It will have integrated support for unit conversion and for the resizing of portions.
bonbon	Eiffel BON case tool to support analysis, design and implementation in a seamless way
bonc	BonC - Backup on CDs utilities. Let you make on-the-fly large backups into multiple CDs with no worry about buffer underrun.
bond	BOND is a RAD (rapid application development) tool for creating database applications. It allows you to develop GUI front ends to PostgreSQL databases. It uses XML to define widget layout and how to obtain information from databases.
bond-dns	BoND (the Boston Name Daemon) is a DNS server written in Java.
bondedit	BondEdit is a simple text editor with everything you can expect from it, and also includes custom templates and some other useful features for developers.
bonding	Linux kernel driver for aggregating multiple network links into a single link, using a variety of methods.  Stable driver source is part of the linux kernel; source releases here are either pre-release patches, experimental or historical.
bondlog	James Bond Log is a daemon log watcher similar to swatch or logcheck , it&#039;s completly written in C using PCRE Library and it provides the ability to be chrooted. It&#039;s actually at developing stage.
bonesword	Legend of the Bone Sword is oldschool, it is 2D, and it is action packed. Think of and old arcade game, right down to the quarters. So come, insert coin and help us slay this dragon!
bonetracker	The minimalistic PHP bittorrent tracker with everything you need.
bonezengine	Bonez - a free cross-platform skeletal animation system for 2D games using OpenGL interface
bonfire	Bonfire is an application to burn CD/DVD for the gnome desktop.
bonfireflights	Functional but not-intended-for-production-use flight scheduler; designed as a model for database driven, authenticated sites.
bonforum	An open-source web-application design prototype, currently implemented as a chat application.  Described fully in book, &quot;XML, XSLT, Java and JSP&quot; by Westy Rockwell, published by New Riders (English) and by Galileo Press (German).
bongosurfer	BongoSurfer is a least cost router for linux with a nice graphical user interface. It supports both modem and ISDN.
bongoyo	General purpose, cross-platform, high-latency, high availability (HA) daemon. HA is achieved by IP-takeover of the virtual/HA server(s) by one or more real/redundant servers.  Requires Perl 5.  Designed for ease of deployment (for a HA system :-).
bonkenc	BonkEnc is a CD ripper, audio encoder and converter for various formats. It can produce MP3, MP4 / M4A, Ogg Vorbis, AAC, Bonk and FLAC files. BonkEnc supports freedb protocol level 6 (Unicode), CDText and ID3v2 tags and is available in several languages.
bonky	3d beat &#039;em up arcade.Game style seen on the first generation consoles.
bonnie	Latest iteration in the Bonnie family of benchmarks.  Tests large file IO and creation/deletion of small files.
bonnie64	The original author&#039;s descendent of the original Bonnie disk benchmark.  This version distinguished by slightly prettier output, a compression-defeating randomizer, clean 64-bit-ness, and the fact that I maintain it.
bonniesuite	Suite of benchmarking tests intended to do at the same time differente tests based on Bonnie 2003, Bonnie++ and ZCAV. This suite consists in the execution of this three benchmarks to the same device, presenting all the results in HTML format.
bonobo-draw	This library is an attempt to implement the OpenOffice Drawing API using the GnomeCanvas and Bonobo.  Development is occurring in GNOME CVS in module bonobo-draw.
bonsai	A tiny toolkit for building customized search trees.
bonwue	Program written in C#.NET using ADO.NET for registering personal information about disabled people which helps social service agencies to analize their situation, needs, type and degree of disability, education, current work, sources of their income etc.
bonyclaw	Take control of Windows: find out about most any interface window, and manipulate it in a variety of ways. Good for debugging, good for taking control of your desktop and Windows applications.
bonza	Bonza Financials is a personal finance program that you can use to track your banking and investing, create and track budgets, compare investment options and compare finance options.  It includes charting and you can load data from your bank into it.
bonzer1	download project for an open source site
bonzeye	((( bonzeye, bonZeye, bonsai, bonsi, BonPsi )))\n\na Volumetric Botanical Visualization for File Hierarchy Interfacing\n\nGoals: platform independence and consistency across devices, personalized and familiar tree-like branching structure, custom 2D overlays
bonzo	Bonzo is a Fidonet mail reader for 32bit Windows that is in need of a new developer.  Enquire within..
boo	boo is a new object oriented statically typed programming language for the CLI (common language infrastructure) with a python inspired syntax and a special focus on language and compiler extensibility.
booby	A Webbased Personal Information Manager (PIM) with support for bookmarks, calendar, contacts, notes, news and tasks.
booch95	The Ada 95 Booch Components is a container library, supporting Bags, Collections, Maps, Queues, Rings, Sets, Stacks, and Trees of various flavours, together with supporting utilities.
boodler	Boodler is a tool for creating soundscapes -- continuous, infinitely varying streams of sound.
boofar	Semi-clone of foobar2000 for linux, using GTK+-2.0 and ALSA
boogame	BooGame is an object oriented CLS-compliant, 2D game engine framework that provides high-level hardware accelerated video, audio, keyboard, mouse, embedded scripting and many image formats. Written in C#, BooGame targets .NET 1.1, 2.0 and Mono platforms.
booggytk	BooggyToolKit (Btk) is a new GUI library based on DirectFB API.
boogiecms	Boogie is a content management system that not only makes web site management easier for end users but allows anyone to quickly setup a version of the CMS for a new application. It relies heavily on the use of PHP5 SimpleXML functions.
booguu	Open Source (BSD) PHP 5.1+, extremely modular OO code, MySQLi based site development platform, promoting fast, secure and stable applications. Also the home of some GPL &#039;overlays&#039; for Booguu.
book-man	Our hope is that this product will be used by book lovers all over who seem to have trouble keeping track of what books they have read. Our software aims to manage ratings, descriptions, titles of books and even a book timeline.
book-timeline	This project is intended to assist authors or readers in remembering major events in the timeline of their book or series.
book-worm	A little tool to manage your own book-reading plan and book-reading notes
book4axis	Book about Apache Axis
bookameeting	Help to find an appropriate date to book a meeting between participants who do not use same calendar/schedule system
bookbase	BookBase is a book collection database application using MySQL.
bookblog	Read a good book lately? Then you can use this program to make a record for posterity for yourself, and allow others to see your rating. This program runs as a CGI program under your web server -- your book reviews are presented to the world as a web log
bookbot	WWW::BookBot is a perl bot framework to fetch web e-texts with catalog, books and chapters.
bookcase	An open source knowledge sharing system that models a bookshelf. Any kind of text information can be enter into bookshelf system and keywords can be added to each chapter or book to enable easy search later.
bookcases	Create a community book store for sharing between friends. Member can query book store for interest item, make exchange request and/or upload their book into book store and make it avalaible to coworker.
bookcave	A book library management module for the ArsDigita Community System (ACS).  Provides library/collection management and procurement. Planned improvements include Z39.50 interface, better community functions and loan management.
bookclub	An online book club, targeted at users who would like to form groups to read books together and discuss them. Written in PHP, with MySQL backend.
bookcollectorj	Software for managing your books. Pure Java-Application with embedded SQL-database. Later a web frontend will be added.
bookendz	bookEndz - Tools for online books from the online storage footprint, directory structure, xml metadata to searching and web front-end tools that create plug-in collections to the digital library of the Internet Archive and The Million Books Project.
bookex	Perl/database code for a web-based system geared towards college students wanting to buy/sell/trade textbooks with other students.
bookexchange	phpBookExchange (phpBE) is a book exchange web application. This project is mainly aimed at colleges that want to let their students exchange used textbooks; however, it can be used by any community that wants to allow its members to exchange books.
bookgears	Extract book data from library web pages browsed with Microsoft Internet Explorer. Book metadata is grabbed using regular expressions and is sent to book organizer &#039;Bookpiles&#039; as XML.\nDeveloped with Delphi for Windows. Embedded Firebird databas
bookhexor	bookHexor use the key.txt for encoding where is saved an arbitrary text, which is used as key. bookHexor read the key.txt and notice for each character, where it can be found as an index. If you encode text each of your charakters is displayed as index.
bookies	The bookies is designed to emulate a real life bookmakers.
bookimage	Book Image Viewer is an application that views two images from a slide show simultaneously and side by side in fullscreen.
bookindex	Bookinex is an application designed to index your collection of books, it supports scanning of Barcodes to recognize ISB Numbers and querying web services to collect data.
booking	A simple booking system for hotels
bookingapp	Interface de booking pour groupe de musique. Lobjectif est de suivre par date et par groupe le traitement de lévènement par les différents membres de léquipe (Manager, tour-manager...).
bookingcalendar	This isnt just another PHP calendar application. This calendar application was designed with booking and tracking in mind. A unique database design which establishes an index of time slots, enabling more features with less CPU usage.
bookingintf	It is a webbased system based on the opensource project Ofbiz and allows the hosting of several booking and selling sites on the same OFBiz system For more info: http://www.opentravelsystem.org The system has been renamed to SharedOfbiz now...
bookingsystem	This project, is a calendar, appending a booking system. So that a user of the website, can book a time (ei. a consultation) of some length.\n\nThis script, allows great end user administration.
bookinventory	This is a Java program that works with book ISBN inventories.  It will query Amazon\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;s database via XML and can query other web sites via HTML.
bookit	Fast and easy web-based bookmark repository. All your bookmarks accessible on web, searchable and automaticly organized.
bookity	Reservation system (Book It Yourself). This is system for reservation courts (tennis, squash, ping-pong, volleyball and other sports).
bookkeeper	A simple library management system written in Java using Struts + JSTL and JDBC.  A classic layered architecture approach is used.  Currently the DAOs work out of the box with mySql.
booklet	Print your document (doc, pdf, etc.) in a booklet form without reformatting. Just simply copy/paste page sequences to your text processor print dialog.
booklib	BookLib is a JAVA-based application that will take a books ISBN and lookup the title/author and store that information in a Library.  You can then view/edit all the books in your library, as well as delete them.
booklibman	BooklibMan - the easy way to manage and organize your books and ebooks!
bookman	The goal of bookman is to implement a network based service for managing and distributing bookmarks transparently from a central server to any bookman-enabled client software (curently focussing on Mozilla, IE and Opera).
bookmarkadmin	bookmarkAdmin is an on-line bookmarks (favorites) manager. It will use perl over CGI to provide a web interface to users, whereas most similar projects use PHP. Bookmark information will be stored in a database. PostgreSQL will be the preferred database.
bookmarkbridge	BookmarkBridge is a small, easy to use, multi-platform, GUI-based utility that allows the user to share bookmarks between all their browsers.  The user runs it periodically to synchronize between the browsers.
bookmarkeditor	BE is a Bookmark Editor for URL&#039;s that uses the XBEL XML format for storing the URL&#039;s and description text. It is written in Java and is still under development. And is licenced under the GPL.
bookmarker	Centralized online personal-bookmark-management system written in perl using mysql.
bookmarkext	BookmarkExt is a bookmark manager with advanded features for the Firefox browser, featuring in-line editing, integration to Sidebar, XBEL export and import, tags attached to each bookmark, folder-classification using tags, integration with del.icio.us...
bookmarklinks	Loosing order and overview over your bookmark collection? Using two or more different browsers, each with its own bookmark DB? Do you want to search your bookmarks? If you got a mySQL/PHP/webserver system running on your computer, just use BookMarkLinks
bookmarkman	A simple web based bookmark and document manager. This tool manages your links to both internet sites and local documents, allowing you to search, sort and manage your content.
bookmarkrescue	Move your bookmarks between formats and service providers. Go from Explorer favorites to XBEL,  from XBEL to backflip.com, you name it. Initially supporting mybookmarks.com and Active PHP Bookmarks.
bookmarks	Bookmarks converts the Internet Explorer Favorites to Netscape/Mozilla bookmarks format and vice-versa.
bookmarks-mgr	Bookmarks manager is a JSR-168 compliant portlet intended to provide GUI based management of bookmarks initially targeted at the uPortal community.
bookmarkstogo	This is an extension for Mozilla Firefox that enables bookmarks to be accessed from anywhere, that the extension is installed.
bookmarksync	Client/server implementation of a bookmark manager, with native integration with your favorite browsers, web-based viewing, undeletion, integrity checks, shared subscriptions, etc. Bookmarks are kept in sync across multiple computers, browsers, and OSs.
bookmarksyncng	Next Generation in Client / Server Bookmark manager. Features: Integration with your favorite browsers, web-based viewing, undeletion, integrity checks, shared subscriptions, etc. Bookmarks are kept in sync across multiple computers, browsers, and OS&#03
bookmarksyncro	The projects first goal is to create a synchronization of bookmarks in Internet Explorer. Second goal will be the creation of a GUI for composing a bookmark file from a database, and supply sharing and categorizing of bookmarks.
bookmass	BookMass is a database application for managing inventory in a used book store. It also produces sales reports, invoices, purchase orders, and has a point of sale component.
bookmate	PHP program to maintain addresses online
bookpatron	BookPatron is a simple business application for book stores to create book wish lists for their customers.
bookpiles	Book organizer for Windows. Reads book data, reviews and thumbnails from Amazon and book journals from Bookcrossing. Search and browse through all loaded book data. All book information is stored in an SQL database.
bookr	A document reader for the Sony PSP with native PDF rendering.
bookreader	A Java based Book Reader similar to that of a children&#039;s CD-ROM Book. It has a designer for flexible multimedia design that can synchronize words with the audio voice and soon capture voice. It allows the user to create a software recording of any b
books-macosx	Books is a native Cocoa application for Mac OS X that stores, sorts, and searches book collection information. Books is intended to assist book collectors with managing personal collections.
books-manager	Book management system with webservice written in php
books2burn	Books2burn is a program for Macintosh OS X (Panther and later) that takes a text file, breaks it up into chapters, and then converts each chapter into an AIFF audio file. Its key (and ideal) purpose is to convert Gutenberg Project files into audio books.
bookscanlib	A library of the algorithms for processing the scanned images of the noncopyrighted books.
bookshelf	An e-text reader for java mobile phones.
bookspro	Corelzo Bookspro is a simple database program is designed to help every amateur librarian and book enthusiast in keeping up their libraries.
bookstore	ebookstore is an online bookstore that will be developed during our 4th year study, we are planning to use Struts+Spring+Hibernate in this project.
booksync	bookmarksync is a tool used for synchronizing different bookmark files and types. It preserves current bookmark structures and sorts in new ones correctly in existing directorys or create new one if necessary. WORKING
bookular	A simple eBook reader that can read many formats. It can present a book-like format to you on screen, or can read the book to you, with the ability to pause, rewind a few words, and other useful functions.
bookwormania	a shopping cart application for an online shopping website using J2EE with Tomcat5 server.It came out nice so now iam hosting it with sourceforge.It may be useful basically to developers who&#039;d like to add a shopping cart system to thier websites..
bookwriter	Bookwriter is designed in PHP with MySQL to allow for users to write and publish books in electronic format quickly and easily, while assisting with planning and layout of said books. Eventually will contain PDF support.
bookwurm	Multilingual Dictionary Search and Aggregation Sidebar extension for Firefox. Flexible dictionary import and XML export schemes. Seamless merging of user-made entries and modifications with existing dictionaries.
bookwyrm	Bookwyrm is personal catalogue of books, cds, dvds, games, and programs.  Its primary purpose is to provide an inventory system for home use.  Bookwyrm shortcuts the tedium involved by collecting product data from web service providers such as Amazon.
booky1	A Library Management System.
bool	Bool is a utility for finding files that match a boolean expression. The boolean operators supported are AND, OR and NOT. Also supported is the NEAR operator for locating two expressions within a short distance from each other.
bool-goat	GHA Output and Template, or GOaT, is a system for creating rich, complex templates by defining a series of callbacks to functions within an application that may be accessed via &quot;tags&quot; placed in a template.
boolfreak	Yet another Quine McCluskey logic minimizer; the goal of this project is to drive the number of variables, with which the minimizer can cope (in less than one second), higher and higher; heuristics and greedy methods for minimization are also welcome!
boologic	Portable scientific program to calculate any boolean expressions with a powerful and easy-to-learn scripting language. Programmed in ANSI-C++.
boom	Boom is a game engine for easily and quickly creating Bomberman-like games.
boom4	Boom 4 is our 1st year students project in EPITA. it&#039;s a shoot&#039;em&#039;up inspired by games like Panzer Dragoon &amp; Starfox Adventures,the background universe hasn&#039;t been clearly defined yet.\nthis description will be completed soon.
booman	3d bomber + standard multiplayer server
boombot	BoomBot is a developer&#039;s framework for writing a bot connecting to the AIM network. It manages the network communication for the bots so that they can be easily written without worrying about AIM itself at all.
boombox	Media player with integrated database. Supports a lot of formats through the use of xinelib.
boomcms	An extensible, module-based Open-Source CMS (Content Management System) which uses a template engine and the PEAR-library.
boomerang	After a program has been thrown into the world in binary form, it can boomerang back as source code. The Boomerang reverse engineering framework is the first general native executable decompiler available to the public.
boomerangerp	Boomerang ERP é uma ramificação do projeto brasileiro FreedomERP, onde procura-se alcançar alterações estruturais que dêem ao projeto características de aplicativo JEE.
booml	Language integrated XML support for Boo. Ideal for generating dynamic XML documents.
boomrang	Develepper&#039;s Tools (in command line) integrating an extensible core and plugins
boomwar	A 3D multiplayer game. It simulates an war between two teams, and the gameplay is similar to the famous game Worms.
boone	The Boone project (&quot;Basic Object-Oriented Neural Environment&quot;) aims to create a lightweight developer framework for neural network modelling, using object-oriented technologies. Please go to the project homepage to download the current releases
boonex-dolphin	Dolphin - Smart Community Builder. It is the universal web community script written in PHP and MySQL. Dolphin has a lot of features: customizable profile fields, polls, membership levels, multi-payment provider system, user templates and many other.
booosta	PHP Booosta provides you with easy-to-use components to create database driven web applications in PHP without having any clue about what &quot;SQL&quot; is. It also allows you to create quick HTML-Forms and offers several other things, that make life ea
boop	The BOOP Toolkit uses abstraction and refinement to determine the reachability of program points in a C program.
boos	Bookkeeping OS is a bookkeeping software in command prompt mode. Commands to use the program look like console commands. This method allows for the user simple, fast and quick entries. Written in VB.NET.
boost	Boost provides free portable peer-reviewed C++ libraries. The emphasis is on portable libraries which work well with the C++ Standard Library. See http://www.boost.org
boost-extension	Boost.extension is a library providing for the creation of plugins for C++ software. It is designed to help easily track dependencies between plugins.
boost-extras	Helper classes and functions to ease the use of boost templates. Specifically, at this time, this includes a set of helpers for the intrusive_ptr&lt;&gt; template.
boost-graph-py	boost_graph is wrapping the C++ Boost Graph library in Python. This will provide functions to manipulate graph structures, as well as a number of graph algorithms like Breadth &amp; Depth First Search, Dijkstra&#039;s Shortest Path, Topological sort, and
boost-sandbox	The Boost Sandbox is the location for collaboration on potential Boost libraries, that is, libraries that are in development with the purpose of submiting the library to Boost (www.boost.org).
boostblog	Boost Blog is a next generation blog, with all the needed features, but without the hassle.
boostcvpr	Boost Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Library
boostcxx	Open Source C++ Compiler
boosteda	Open source C++ framework utilizing boost.org libraries and specialized for development of EDA applications.
boot360	Boot loader and FLASH burner for the Motorola 68360 processor (aka Power QUICC).  Based on CoLILO linux loader for Motorola Coldfire processors, however this boot loader is OS independent.  Supports systems with multiple FLASH devices, runs from RAM for 
bootboy	Bootboy is a spreadsheet based approach to edititng file attributes or tag information. It is written in Java and currently supports renaming files and editing id3v1 tags of mp3 files.
bootcamp	A cms based repository for information on event resources. A project tool for event management and booking.
bootchart	Bootchart is a tool for performance analysis and visualization of the GNU/Linux boot process.  Resource utilization data and process information are collected during the boot process and can later be displayed in a PNG, SVG or EPS chart.
bootd	The bootd project allows netbooting a wide variety of clients using different protocols using one configuration and one server daemon, with good configurability and diagnostics.
bootdisk	Bootdisk lets you create boot and root disks for booting linux. These disks should permit rescue when normal boot is no more available. Bootdisk makes possible quick tests adjusting your set of utilities.
bootdisk-howto	The Bootdisk-HOWTO describes how to design and build your own boot/root diskettes for Linux. These disks could be used as rescue disks or to test new system components.
boote	bootE Linux is yet another minimalist Linux distribution and is contained entirely on a single floppy disk. It supports only single user mode, and is intended as a repair/rescue/emergency distribution.
bootfw	filewatcher is a daemon and cmdline client that watch for file usage (read/open) and harvest them.
bootfx	BootFX is an application framework for .NET software and is an Open Source publication of an in-house tool that we use with our clients. It has strong ORM capabilities and other application components, such as logging and UI.
boothbox	Booth is a collection of python and bash shell scripts that facilitate the creation and maintenance of Firefox based web kiosks.  It brings together many of the commonly used techniques of locking down Mozilla and provides a pre-made solution for users.
bootlegmanager	BootlegManager is an open-source Mac OS X (10.3 specific) application to create, maintain, and control a list on live bootlegs.  Maintain multiple collections, provide setlist details, and export to HTML for online content.
bootman	Java Application Boot Manager for easier classpath management (adding all JARs in a folder, extending the classpath dynamically from the application)
bootpdnis	This is a really simple BOOTP server, which uses NIS maps to retrieve host information (host name, IP address).
bootsagem	This software can be used to enter the bootstrap mode on Sagem (TM) GSM mobile phones and execute some program on their internal CPU. This might be useful for writing into the flash memory, repairing EEPROM contents or just for educational purposes.
bootscore	A platform-independent Python script that maps non-parametric bootstrap support for clades onto a phylogenetic tree. It outputs a NEXUS/Newick treefile with the topology of the given tree and with clade support indicated by node labels or branch lengths.
bootsectoros	512DevOS is a GPLed operating system that runs on 16 and 32 bit x86 compatible computers.  The kernel and shell fit in 512 bytes and occupy only the first sector of a floppy disk.
bootset	Bootset creates a boot diskette set according to a text file that lists the diskette image files you wish to copy. You can use it to create Linux boot diskettes from Windows.
bootsplash	The Linux Bootsplash adds nice graphics to the boot process of your Linux machine.
bootster	Bootster is a graphical boot system for Linux. We aim to provide information about other OSs too.
bootstrapper	The bootstrapper program is designed to work along with autoconf, automake and libtool. It will scan a project&#039;s configure.in and generate a custom made bootstrap script which will then be used to create a configure script. It will also be able to c
bootutils	BootUtils is a collection of utilities to facilitate booting of modern Kernel 2.6 based systems. The process of finding the root volume either by label or explicit label= on the kernel command line, mounting it and &#039;switchroot&#039;ing is automated.
bootygui	Graphical extension of the BootyMod plugin, for use with DKP management and loot distribution as related to the MMORPG, World of Warcraft.
bop	Blog Oriented Publishing (BOP) is a database-backed web content management system designed to offer users with limited privledges on their web server the benefits of a sophisticated CMS.
bop-paypal	Perl module/plugin for Business::OnlinePayment to handle payments via PayPal.
bopfw	Framework for portlet development
bophpf	This is just a little collection of some php opensource functions and classes!
bopm	Designed for the Bahamut, Hybrid, and ircu IRCds, bopm is a replacement for first generation proxy monitors (wgmon, tcm). It extends them by adding support for SOCKS4, SOCKS5, WinGate, HTTP proxies, insecure Cisco routers, simultaneous connections, and a
boqueron	Boqueron is a ruby/gtk2 based jabber client aims to be simple and effective. It uses xmpp4r. It&#039;s intended for newbies in jabber and eye-candy fashioned. Join to conference in Jabber: boqueron@conf.jabberes.org.
borage	Automatically createsuser friendly add/edit/search pages for a content management system (CMS) or any database-driven website.
boranengine	Boran Engine is an open source 3D action adventure game engine that can be run on either windows or linux. It has scripting capability through python and supports quake md3 and cal3d character models and quake3 bsp maps. It uses OpenGL, OpenAL and OpenDE
borax	A template game for the C++ 3D game API CrystalSpace. You will never have to reinvent the wheel every time you want to write a game. It contains things common to all games: a console, key/mouse/joystick binding, sound and networking.
borcvs	BorCVS is an interface to CVS for Borland Delphi and C++ Builder. It is based on the OpenToolsAPI of those IDE&#039;s and provides CVS functionality within these development environments. It uses the command-line CVS for actual CVS operations.
bordercore	Bordercore is an personal information management tool.
bordergen	Utility for automatic script generation and execution for (1) Batch creation and editing of company-proprietary CAD drawings and borders, (2) Batch-plotting of company-proprietary CAD drawings to AutoCAD.
borderless	Normally IE doesn&#039;t allow the programmer to create a window without borders and title bars.  This application provides the developer with the ability to make a window truly look any way he or she desires.
bordnet	Board.Net is banchwork for simple board games. Every component can be working at other hosts (remoting).
bore	The BOR Engine (BORE) is the source code of the Book of Randomness (http://www.bookofrandom.co.uk/) and allows anybody to make a website in a similar format to the Book of Randomness.
boreal	The Boreal project is a PHP/MySQL project to be used for the tracking of clients, invoicing, projects, domains, and trouble tickets for a web design/development/hosting firm. It is intended to be integrated into an Apache setup as a web-based application
boredblog	BoredBlog is a fast, free Blog solution created by BoredBoards.com. It offers many features other Blogs do not, and is constantly expanding to newer and better features.
boredboard	This project was written to log correspondence for future reference. It is useful for administration boards/counsils where all correspondance must be logged.
boredz	&quot;boredz&quot; is a very minimalist public message board system written in PHP with a mysql backend.
borf	Borf stands for &quot;Bored of Renaming Files&quot;, a C++ application aiming at retrieving music files informations, querying freedb.org&#039;s database and arranging file informations/names.
borg	A calendar / organizer for BeOS, based upon KOrganizer and Gnome Calendar. Download from http://www.bebits.com/app/1601
borg-calendar	BORG is a calendar and task tracking system written in Java. The calendar provides a nice month view, month-print, email reminders, popup reminders and to do list. The task tracker tracks issues through various states.
borg9	the borg9 library is a collection of utilities useful for a typical j2ee web-application.
borges	The OpenBorges project intends to provide an humble place to experiment, and debate, about what can be an open, distributed, adaptive and collaborative, semantic virtual library. Inspirations are: As we May Think, Library of Babel, and Weaving the web
borges-dms	Borges is an open-source project aimed at XML-aware documentation projects which care about internationalisation, reusable contents, teamwork, etc. Borges is maintained by NeoDoc: http://neodoc.biz
borgmind	BorgMindLibrary is a class package which serves as an alternative to the components included with the FlashIDE and the more robust Open Source Frameworks.
borgshare-p2p	Completely serverless peer-to-peer software written in C language for GNU/Linux platforms. Characterized by an XML-based messaging system for users communication and a minimal web server for user interaction.
borgworks	This Project is dropped
borgworx	BorgWorX want to provide the world&#039;s most flexible and easy to use application framework. 100% XML/XSLT driven modeling language including an rendering engine for several differnt output targets (Web with Ajax.NET, WinForms etc.).
borgxdcc	XDCC file server script written in TCL for the eggdrop IRC bot
boring-sudoku	this is a really basic sudoku solver, because sometime you get bored !
boris	Powerful example of a FULLY pluggable multimedia and text editing and review suite - support for an extensive range of file types can be provided for by the use of plugins, and properly-formatted XML modules.
borja	A component driven PHP Content Management System. Borja supplies the framework for creating components that supply the functionality for a web-based CMS using the MySQL database engine.
bork	Bork is a very small, cross-platform file encryption utility. It is written in Java and designed to be included along with the files it encrypts for long-term storage (eg on CD-R). Its minimal external dependencies make it fairly futureproof.
borkclan	A robust Clan CMS system to support one or more clans on one or more game platforms.
borknet-dev-com	This is a set of IRC Services written in Java. They are designed to run on P10 protocol ircds, especially Quakenet&#039;s asuka. It contains a User/Channel/Oper Service similar to Quakenet&#039;s Q, a Spamscan, a Request, and a Help service.
bornayuan	BornaYuan WebSite
borobudur	3D wireframe generation from a large dataset
borplan	borpLAN: Basic Oppressof for Routed and Proxyed LAN. This software allow you to manage internet access into a small/scholastic network.
borrower	The Borrower is a first / third person shooting game. The player is a rogue artificial intelligence that can control any electronic object.
borsuk	Borsuk is a gtkmm2 based maths and physics instant messenger using jabber protocol. It sends data in XML (MathML, SVG) so it can be easily reused i.e. as a webpage. Integrated editor for maths formulas and graphics helps creating data i.e. rewriting it.
bortbrowse	Bort Browse an open source Visual Basic internet browser. Bort Browser supports customizations in it and will even post yours for download.
borys	Distributed Computing System - BORYS (System Rozproszonych Obliczen)
bos	The goal of the Basic Operating System (BOS) project is to write a new modular and fast operating system in NASM and GCC.
bos-groupware	BusinessOS Groupware is a modular portlet based groupware solution deployable on any java portal. Module contains mail, addressbook, tasks, calendar, project managment, notes.
bos-ruby	Broadcast Oracle Select is a interesting Ruby/Perl utility. It is useful for sending an SQL statement to many Oracle instances.
bosc	Bosc is a PHP class library for writing web applications.
bosco	Bosco is a rewrite of the popular Bugzilla defect tracking software in PHP.  Among its goals are database-independence and ease of maintenance and modification.  An API is also planned to allow external applications to work with Bosco&#039;s data.
boscop	BOSCOP is an Open Source Collaborative Portal for non profit organisations based on Zope/Plone.
bosgcs	Our ambition in this project is to use Blitz to design a free 3D open source game creation system that is easy for the beginner and powerful enough for the advanced user.
bosh	Curses-based browser utility for browsing the output of programs. Actions can be configured to be run based on the selected line.
bosl	efficient C library of common containers, (dynamic array, hash tables and strings)
boson	Boson is an OpenGL real-time strategy game. It is designed to run on Unix (Linux) computers, and is built on top of the KDE, Qt and kdegames libraries.
bosplayer	B.O.S. Multimedia Player is a fully skinnable MultiMedia player for win32 systems.
bosquenegro	bosque.negro es una pasarela de conexi?n de bots al IRCd dise?ada originalmente para GlobalChat usando el protocolo P10. Entre otras ventajas est? el uso de XML para la comunicaci?n con el usuario.
boss	This description is going to change and intent of the project will be refocused. This is Tierra-like artifical life program simulation system written in Java. I&#039;m hoping to attract other developers to work on this little interesting project.
boss-java	A &quot;trouble ticket&quot; system with a cell phone interface.
boss-synth	The Bonn Open Synthesis System (BOSS) is an extensible concatenative speech synthesizer with Non-Uniform Unit Selection capabilities developed at the University of Bonn, Germany.
boss9000	Helps bosses manage their companies.
bossarmos	BossOS is multitasking, priority based kernel for use in embedded designs (for the ARM Processor Architecture ).
bosscaster	BossCaster is a web application that can be used by the employees of an organization to monitor and forecast the relationships between them and their bosses according to various horoscopic guidelines.
bossdev-shop	A quite simple shop based on symfony. It will have a complete GUI for administering the products. Specilized for busniesses which have different price categories throught there whole stock (Reseller, Hockey, ...).
bosslibrary	The BOSS Library consists of a wrapper around SDL (Simple DirectMedia Layer) that imitates interfaces of older libraries such as Borland Graphics Interface (BGI), conio.h, bios.h.  The goal is to be able to port old applications to modern systems.
bossman	Bossman is a  web based system monitor and management console for the JBoss/Tomcat application server.  The target audience is System Administrators and Technical End-Users.
bossogg	A server based music (ogg/mp3/flac) player.  Written in Python/C, uses sqlite for a database backend, and xml-rpc for client/server communication.  Released clients are for php, sdl and curses(geezer).
bosstcp	.Net and COM library for client/server communication over TCP/IP. Asynchronous non-blocking multithreaded execution.
bossxo	XO is a set of useful tools and utilities that is generally needed on many different Java projects. It is meant to be a place where you submit useful code, to be used by yourself and others at a later time.
bosszilla	BossZilla aims to be a J2EE implimentation of the Bugzilla Bug Tracking system.  We will be using tools such as JBoss, Struts, XDoclet and Eclipse.  Our primary goal to to impliment full BugZilla functionality within a MVC2 framework.
bostech-cbesb	ChainBuilder ESB is Java Business Integration (JBI) compliant open source solution for use in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) environments. ChainBuilder ESB&#039;s graphical integration enables new and older applications to easily enter into SOA.
bot-trap	bot-trap is a small and simple package that uses PHP to ban web robots which ignore your robots.txt file.  It also allows human users to unban themselves via a form.
bot2c	Bot2C - OpenSource AI project in Java.
botanicalvis	BotanicalVis is a tool to visualize huge hierarchies in 3D-space. It reads file data and shows the hierarchical structure of used disk space in a botanical tree. Therefore the user should be able to imagine where the biggest files live.
botarena	Fighting bots simulation. Create your bot and challenge the others. Bots use different sophisticated controls such as neural nets, fuzzy logic, microcontrolers etc.
botblizzard	The LEGO Mindstorms programming environment does not permit remote control. Our project aims to write a programming environment (using Java and leJOS) that is still loyal to the Mindstorms programming paradigm but includes remote control.
botbox	Bot para irc feito em java que possibilita a integra??o com algum tipo de banco de dados e faz o crontrole de algum(ns) canais, muito facil de usar pois vira com uma interface grafica e muitas funcoes.
botfrenzy	BotFrenzy is a networked board game inspired by Robo Rally. It is entirely written in Ruby.
bothans	An Open Source distributed monitoring software that focus on ease of installation and scalability, for any kind of software, hardware, network equipment, any software environment, based upon XML and python.
botija	Botija is a free implementation of a IRC Bot aiming to provide aditional channel features. It uses the pircbot API to build an irc bot capable of loading a set of modules to implement any funcionality.
botix	Robotics software framework for any microcontroller in C, based on the Subsumption Architecture theory from Brooks. Make your robot do &#039;intelligent&#039; stuff without re-inventing the wheel all over again! Multiprocessor/architecture-ready!
botkiller	Botkiller is a php-script which helps to flood the databases of bots, searching the web for email-adresses. Its goal is to create a huge network of servers running the script and to trap the bots in it while feeding it useless adresses.
botl	The Bidirectional Object-oriented Transformation Language (BOTL) is a tool for object-oriented model transformations.
botlogger	PHP script to log search engine spider visits to your homepage. Find out out when and where search engine bots are crawling your site. Features: email reports and/or log file reports for 32 spiders, monitor php and html files REQUIREMENTS:PHP4 or later
botmasters	R.I.P.
botnet	Features include: authentication, channel control, a full-featured Memo system, a Seen system, logging capabilities, a help system, the ability to act as a file sharing node and the ability to share data and perform functions together with other bots.
botp2004	The project, launched by Chris Crawford, is a remake of his environmental simulation game &quot;Balance of the Planet&quot;. The complete game mechanics will be rewritten from the original sources and additional resources will be added (images, sounds, m
bots	BOTS: B2b Open Translator Software. EDI translator/convertor: 1. Translate any edi-format to any edi-format. Supported: edifact, x12, flatfile, csv. XML 2come. 2. Communicate: SMTP, POP, SSL, FTP. VAN&#039;s via plugins. 3. Manage edi: reports, errors, e
botsatac	Small, simple but funy game.
botscan	Keep bots from abusing your forms.  Place this script in your form, and it will make visitors type a random string to verify that they are human.
botsgame	B.O.T.S (Bots Tactical Simulation) is a programming game, where players &quot;code&quot; the behaviour of their bot and watch them fight with others bots in a arena. It comes with a full environnement in Java/Swing, for coding, debugging, playing matchs,
botshark	Bot Shark is designed to run with the current version of Yahoo Messenger and to prohibit the harasment of &quot;bots&quot; within the Yahoo chat rooms on Yahoo.
botshispanobdd	IRC services (typicall Andy&#039;s services) written to works with the IRC-Hispano IRCd in P09, and fully DDB (Distributed Data Base) support.
botsuit	Bot Suite consists of three applications i.e. Bot Studio, MyWebAssembly and MyMessenger. Bot Studio is used to create chat bots. MyWebAssembly executes the bot and MyMessenger makes the communication possible b/w the created bot and any other messenger.
botsystem	The box office ticket system is a internet technologic based reservation/ sale system for a theater. It provides  functionality for customer as well as for theater-assistant, like &#039;make reservations&#039; or &#039;selling tickets&#039;.
bottleimp-forum	A forum written in PHP4 with the possibility of multilingual use. Messages will be saved to csv-files (-&gt; no database needed) or to a database (-&gt; not in the actual version).
bottleimp-mama	A mailserver and platform independant mailinglist-manager using a database and/or plain text files. The mailinglist-manager fetches emails from one POP3 account and sends it out to all addresses on the mailinglist the email has been send to, originally.
bottlekap	Switched from windows?  Want to harness the power of your GNU/Linux box, but don&#039;t want to learn the arbitrary commands?  Kaptian is for you!  BottleKap scripts allow you, the user, to harnes the power of these commands with GUI tools.
bottleneckmngt	Bottleneck Management in a Manufacturing Environment
bottler	Bottler - XDCC Bot Interface
bottomfeeder	BottomFeeder is an RSS Feed and OCS FeedList reader/viewer.  The viewer is implemented in Smalltalk, and is cross platform - supporting Windows, Macintosh, intel Linux, and most Unix implementations (AIX, SGI, Alpha Unix, Solaris, HPUX 10 and HPUX 11)
bottomline	Bottomline is a JDBC Bridge API that uses a jdbc:bottomline bridge to load multiple drivers and versions of same driver from their respective JAR file by completely bypassing JVM&#039;s bootstrap classloader. It seamlessly integrates with application ser
bottomupcs	Short course for 15 y/o+ students focusing on operating system level technologies.
bottool	Sado&#039;s BotTool allows its users to write, publish, and run bots for the Active Worlds 3d chat environment. It allows full access from its integrated JavaScript scripting environment to the AW SDK, although it also has a number of helper libraries to
bottor	Bottor is a open source java irc bot. It is capable of storing factoid information like eggdrop or perlbot. It is using JDBC for logging and facts.
botulin	Botulin is an IRC &#039;bot which uses Scheme as a scripting language (provided by GNU&#039;s Guile library). Botulin is small and fast but supports powerful, flexible &#039;bot scripts.
botwars	With BotWars.Net developers and students can create their own 3d virtual robots via .Net Scripts (C# or Visual Basic.Net) and make them combat in a full 3D arena. You can script the combat and defence strategy and also the robot equipment (weapons, etc.)
botworks	makes writing python bots easy, and transport independant, allowing the same bot code to run on multiple protocols.
botworx	A C++ framework and applications for experimenting with artificial intelligence, 3D graphics and simulated physics.  It&#039;s primary focus is to provide a testbed for simulated robotics using a modified Soar rule engine, Ogre 3D &amp; the Open Dynamics
botzilla	botZilla: A game in which robotic monsters rampage through a city.  The game is playable in two ways - as an interactive computer game - or as a competition between programmers similar in concept to the classic RobotWars game from the early 1980&#039;s.
botzo	A small bot for IRC that can answer to specific words
boudoin	A lightweight, highly configurable online photograph management system written in php.
boule	Boule - a single purpose only web system for user chat.
boulevard	Boulevard is a set of applications that helps learners accelerate in their foreign language study, by assisting them in memorizing new words and expanding their vocabulary more efficiently.
bounce	Bounce, a set of Java and Swing extensions, including ... layout managers like a FormLayout and CenterLayout, image filters, a comprehensive messaging mechanism, a XMLEditorKit with syntax highlighting and automatic indentation and more.
bounce-balls	A simulation of balls bouncing in a room in n &gt;= 2 dimensions for educational purpose or usable as screensaver. Runs under UNIX/Linux, needs the Qt GUI Library and OpenGL.
bounce-me-buddy	Bounce is a web site monitoring tool which monitors your web sites to ensure their availability. If there is a problem with a site you are notified via email. Bounce runs as a service/deamon and has extensive logging.
bounce-wars	It&#039;s a multiplayer game, every player controls one ball making it move through the world and competing against the others players in several game modes. To do the ball move the player can incline the 2D world and do the ball jump.
bouncefw	The Bounce Framework is a light layer that sits on top of The Spring Framework to provide an easy-to-use web app development framework.
bouncer	Bouncer is an IRC sessionmanager. It can multiplex a single server connection to multiple clients, allowing you to &#039;share&#039; an IRC session between clients (i.e. at home, at the office). Additionally, it allows you to run plugins in a centralized
bouncer-xbox	BouncerX is a homebrew game being developed for use on a modded Xbox game console. It is a port of my first computer game, and
bouncespam	VBScript/Perl script to bounce spam messages from an Exchange message store to a special address on a mail filter running SpamAssassin to train the Bayes filter.
bouncethis	BounceThis is an IRC proxy server written in C for Win32 that supports Identd, IP filtering, password protection, remote admin, and more!
boundschecking	This package adds full, fine-grained array bounds and pointer checking to GCC (C only). The level of checking is similar to, and in some respects exceeds, that of languages like Pascal and Modula-2.
bountyxp	THE BOUNTY EXPERIENCE:It&#039;s a MS-DOS RPG Game programmed in C with conio libraries.It&#039;s a project that we have done for our studies and we are proud of the result...
bounzor	Bounzor is a fully configurable TCP/UDP bouncer. It can also encapsulates and decapsulates TCP packets in UDP and vice-versa. Bounzors are consequently cascadables. Useful when a specific protocol is disabled in part of your network for exemple.
bouquet	Bouquet is a graph generator written in ANSI Common Lisp. Bouquet produces Tulip graph description files; clusters and properties are supported.
bourriquet-aos	This is a native project of an emule client for MorphOS/AmigaOS
boursowatch	BoursoWatch is a program written in C#/Gtk# ( using mono ) to display Stocks Change ( using Yahoo Data ). On Windows need the gtksharp-runtime ( http://forge.novell.com/modules/xfmod/project/?gtks-inst4win )
boutik	Automated e-commerce application designed to handle large amounts of data. Business orientated.
boutscoretime	A PalmOS combination countdown timer and score tracking device designed primarily for refereeing fencing bouts. The current version works somewhat well in Palm OS 3.5, but on other Palm versions  accessing various functions causes seg faults.
bovad	B.O.V.A.D. stands for Battleship Or Vicious Attacking Dogs.  It is a simple 3-D networked version of the classic Battleship board game.
bovine	Bovine IRCd is a Win32 IRCd written in c++, a UNIX port may become availible.
bovineos	An Operating System for the TI-83 Plus and TI-86 Graphing Calculators.
bow	What is Bots of War (bow)? bow will be a game where programmers can compete on their AI design/programming skills. The game will feature a arena where virtual robots try to kill the opponent with a wide range of weapons.
bowae	This project is ought to be removed due to copyright problems. It will be restarted with a new title: &quot;Paramecium&quot;
bowkore	modKore-Hybid [BowKore]
bowlfish	Bowlfish was the pioneer portuguese eMule MOD client that allowed the major portuguese ISP&#039;s clients to circunvent the download quotas imposed by such ISP.
bowlingdb	A Web-based Bowling Database and statistics package.  For an example please see http://www.logiclabs.net/bowling/.
bowlingwh	This project will help a ten pin bowler or tenpin bowling alley to display bowling scores and other bowling information to the internet and/or application.
bowml	BowML Parser is a miniature PHP-framework that lets you parse any type of markup language (XML,HTML,WML etc). Where each element, string node and attribute is its own object. Also good for creating or rectreating webpages by using objects instead of HTML
bowser	Bowser is an IRC client for BeOS that aims to be very easy to use, very elegant, and very stable.
bowsim	An archery longbow design tool and simulator. This program is for storing design data and simulating performance of a user defined laminated longbow.
bowtie	BowTIE (Brass Transposition Instruction Environment) is a Windows application designed to help trumpet and horn players learn to transpose. Euphonium and tuba players may also find BowTIE useful for learning fingerings on instruments in various keys.
box	BOX is a binary representation of XML that is smaller and can be converted back to standard XML rapidly. It&#039;s far simpler that similar efforts. Currently only Java and C BOX encoders and a Java BOX decoders are provided, but more will be created.
box-stuffer	Database intermediary for MHonArc archives
box20	Box 2.0 is a advanced package manager for FreeBSD (including PCBSD and DesktopBSD) and Linux. It has many features, such as compatability with existing package managers, and mounting of packages.
boxbackup	An on-line backup system for UNIX. Backups are encrypted, and changed files uploaded using a rsync-like algorithm. See Project Home Page for full description.
boxcms	BoX CMS is a open source project for a XML/XSL based CMS
boxcount	boxCount is a program for doing box counting of fracture trace maps.
boxcrypt	Java SWING applet to store encrypted files in your box.net account
boxedge	The box networks CMS system.
boxedirc	BoxedIrc is a mIRC-like IRC client for microsoft windows with support for all the basic stuff like colors, CTCP and DCC.
boxenircu	This project is old and i recommend you use Nefarious IRCu, it has all of the Boxen IRCu features. Click on the link below or go here http://sourceforge.net/projects/evilnet
boxes	Graphical version of the pen &amp; paper game, boxes.
boxfit	Boxfit is a packaging solution to the Manufacturing and Transport Industry. The software fits objects of smaller size into minimum number of boxes using heuristic 3D - bin packing algorithms.
boxi	Easy encrypted backups over the Internet (a graphical user interface for Box Backup by Ben Summers and contributors)
boxit	BOXit is a small logic game for the lunchbreak. Clear the playing field as far as possible, by dragging same-colored or equivalent tokens one over another, if they are in the same row or column on the playing field. Easy to learn - but hard to handle!
boxman	A well-known game. It is made imitating the game KSokoban which runs on KDE environment of Redhat Linux. Just a practice for learning Delphi:)
boxnetapi	Box.NET API is an easy to use VB.NET library for interfacing with the box.net web api.  Allowing you to upload &amp; download files.  Create folders and other box.net functionality.
boxp	Back Orifice XP is a network remote administration tool, gives control of the system, network, registry, passwords, file system, and processes. Based in BO2K 1.1 but with a new plugin architecture.
boxphreak	XboxPhreak is Java and Jpcap based system that will allow Systemlink traffic to be expanded beyond your own local area network.  It will not use a third party such as XBC but rather, allow the users to create their own private gaming networks.
boxshade	Boxshade is a program for creating good looking printouts from multiple-\naligned protein or DNA sequences.
boxsql	## This project was moved to boxsql.dev.java.net ## BoxSQL is a simple ones and efficient open-source framework that it removes the SQL of the code of its application and places them in archives of templates
boxstar	An HTPC application designed for DVB TV input and to work well on a wide range of display devices, including TV out on standard graphics cards.
boxworld2	BoxWorld2 is a 2D multiplayer game with focus on the social aspect of player interaction.
boxxmon	Vigil is a monitoring package inspired by Nagios. The objective is to create a stable, reliable monitoring system with useful, robust, and accurate reporting.
boy	Boy is a program that reads in c++ header files and converts it to a man page.  This generated man page will need to be altered a bit, but the program makes creating man pages much easier.
boyeeediter	This boyeeediter is a free powerful Editer like the EditPlus and it can run under Linux and Windows.Our purpose is to create a run-fast and use-less-memory software .
bozhiteli	Some card game... it&#039;s may be interested!
bozos	BozOS is a simple 16-bit OS for x86 CPUs. It is designed to learn from.
bozzbin	An office jukebox system, with a simple web interface onto a WinAmp powered backend. Requires very minimal setup (only Python and WinAmp), and supports a voting system too.
bp-cms	Simple CMS with PHP modules and templates
bp-cms-commons	In this Project are OpenCms-Modules who simplify the development of new OpenCms-Projects. Especially with Spring &amp; Hibernate and OpenCms-Templates.
bp2k6	Our current project is called &quot;Bolzplatz 2006&quot; (English title &quot;Slam Soccer 2006&quot;, French title &quot;Coup de Fout 2006&quot;). It&#039;s a freeware 3D-soccer-game in comic-style and a funny allusion to the World Cup 2006 in Germany.
bp2ps	P2P program that can share a TV or music stream even if you have low bandwith, it can split the stream over more clients, that again share it between themself. It&#039;s based on the Bittorrent protocol in that it uses a tracker(PHP or C#)
bp4ip	BashPodder4iPods is just what it sounds like - a modified version of BashPodder for iPods. It will scan podcast feeds, download them to a local directory of your choice, and then use GNUpod to sync it up with your iPod.
bpaccess	bpaccess (business process access) hilft, Geschäftsprozesse und Abläufe als Informationsplattform (Tree) darzustellen. SOP, Arbeitsanweisung, Prozess, Verfahrensanweisung, Projektmanagement, Qualitätsmanagement, Managementprozesse, Prozesslandschaft.
bpalogin	BPALogin is a replacement for the Telstra supplied client for connecting and using Telstra&#039;s Big Pond Advance powered by Cable.
bpanna	The BPANNA is a flexible Back propagation neural network, which include the Conjugate Gradient and the Levenberg-Marquardt. You can change the number of inputs, number of layers, number of neurons per layer and outputs. It included an structure editor.
bpaste	bPaste is a free, flexible pastebin based on top web technologies such as PHP, Smarty and SQLite. It is based on the well known GeSHi syntax-highlighting engine and has a full featured administration panel. Also it offers custom page integration.
bpb	Set of shell scripts intended to backup your configuration data in one place for easy restoring. In theory: reinstall, restore your /home/, replay bpb data and you got the status quo ante.
bpc	BerryPoint Connect from Tekatur (www.Tekatur.com) enables access to Microsoft&#039;s SharePoint Services and SharePoint Portal Server 2003 on mobile browsers such as a BlackBerry.
bpclientd	This Symantec/Veritas NetBackUp (NBU) daemon allows a client to run a backup (or other command) on a given NBU server.
bpdf	This is a comprehensive class for PHP which generates PDF documents.  It includes support for changing fonts, centering text, word wrap, tables, embedding images, drawing polygons, arcs, circles, headers, footers.
bpe	Bpe is a relatively-simple and easy-to-use, screen-oriented, curses-based binary editor.
bpeclipse	This project is an Eclipse plug-in for interfacing with Backpack, an online personal information organizer (http://backpackit.com).
bpedit	BPEdit is a software component that resides on top of an Ontology Editor, such as Prot?g?. Its main goal is to enable creation, modification and deletion of Business Process Diagrams (BPD) within the context of the Business Process Management Ontology.
bpeditor	The bpEditor is a WYSIWYG HTML editor that you can embed into a web page. Internet Explorer 4.5+ dependant.
bpel-net	This is intend to be a BPEL framework under .NET and C#
bpel2yawl	A traslator from BPEL4WS processes to YAWL workflows that works with translation patterns. It takes a BPEL document in input and creates a YAWL workflow that rapresents it.
bpel4j	BPEL framework for java adapted from WSDL4J.  Provides ability to read, write and create a BPEL process model and supporting components.  Code release will coincide with next major version of WSBPEL specification, i.e. version 2.0?
bpel4ws2owls	BPEL4WS 2 OWL-S is a mapping tool that can be used to map BPEL process to OWL-S suite of ontologies. Tool mapps a given BPEL process with corresponding WSDL files to complete OWL-S suite of ontologies (Service, Profile, Process Model and Grounding).
bpelunit	BPELUnit is a testing framework for real-life, automated, repeatable white-box unit testing of BPEL compositions. BPELUnit follows the xUnit approach and comes with test runners for the command line, Ant, and Eclipse.
bpex	BPeX is a new XML-Schema model (based upon BPMN OMG specifications and XPDL 2.0) that aims to give a valid support to represent and to analyze business processes, with a graphical support provided by a syntax-aided editor.
bpfat	A single player or multi-player turn based tactical game loosely based upon games like Final Fantasy Tactics or Ogre Tactics.
bphilcal	BPhilCal - a calendar server script  for generating printer-friendly chronologically sorted listings for one or many selected concert subscriptions of  the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra Sir Simon Rattle and Chamber Music Hall  incl. links to Wikipedia.
bpishc	Turn your pasca1 code into assembler code with this COMPILER!!
bpkit	BPKIT is a toolkit of block preconditioners for the iterative solution of sparse linear systems.
bplay	Player para musicas, com foco no mp3. A idéia eh um player com as funcionalidades do foobar ou winamp para rodar no browser.
bplayer	Bplayer is a terminal app that computes player arrangements for bridge games for any number of players and rounds, producing the data to make scorecards.
bplhopb	BpLhOpB is a collection of facile platform-independent scripts coded in PHP, that enable upload, storage, and search-based retrieval of binary data from a MySQL database through a user-friendly interface.
bplog	bplog is a minimal news/weblog system using PHP, MySQL, and Apache.
bplusdotnet	Cross platform indexed file btree implementation in C#, java and Python: Commit/abort transactions, localized unicode string order, recovery of damaged files, and configurable memory footprint, hashing, prefixing, and object serialization.
bpm	Bash Package Manager is a package manager like Portage written in bash. All packages are made in a sandbox so not to damage the file system in any way. It also supports dependency resolving if the package has any dependency set in the build file.
bpmagic	BePhotoMagic is a resurrection of the abandoned Photon project and is intended to be a Photoshop-quality paint and image processing for BeOS.
bpmail	Mail Web Frontend based on Tapestry, Spring and Hibernate. Configure several accounts with one account
bpmanager	BPManager allows a closed network of users to manage tasks through messaging. In some ways it&#039;s similar to work-flow management software but tasks are managed in a way that resembles an e-mail application. Requests can be filed, delegated, completed
bpmatch	BpMatch is an algorithm that, given 2 strings S and T, compute the maximum coverage of T using only subequence or reversed complemented subsequences of S, of minimum length l. It solve the trasformation distance with O(n log n) computational cost on avg
bpmdesigner	BPM Designer is a tool for modeling process and workflow with a BPMN notation.
bpmdetect	Simple BPM (beats per minute) detection utility.
bpmdj	BpmDj: Free Dj tools, contains a highly accurate BPM Counter and a QT based player which can nudge, change the tempo and shift the song by measures. Persistent cue\\&#039;s, multiple dsp\\&#039;s, remote playing. Please visit http://bpmdj.sourceforge.net/
bpml	BPML (Business Process Modeling Language), an XML schema that provides a standard way to model business processes
bpmn-ride	BPMN-ride is an IDE that runs entirely on browser to model business processes based on Business Process Modeling Notation (BPMN) specification.
bpmnpop	PRESY (PRocess EaSY) &amp; BPMN Package Of Plugins contains Visio stencil and templates for integrated organizational and business process modelling. PRESY and BPMN posters, too.
bpms	BPMS stands for &#039;Build Process Messaging System&#039; and contains both a framework for XML-based messages and a set of tools for different build tools so send progress information over different protocols. First planned for implementation is multic
bpmscript	BpmScript is a continuation based scripting platform for Business Process Management. BpmScript runs in a JSR 208 JBI container and includes a web based management console.
bpmspace	Open Source, Agile, Relational Business Process Warehouse; designed on top of jBPM
bpmsuite	The project pursues two principal purposes : Useful Portlets for task management and reporting. A powerful integration framework offers useful services (i.e. access employee and organization meta data).
bpmsuiteurp	this project is a subproject of &quot;BPM Suite&quot;. it is about to allocate multiple datasources like databases or web resources, which are processed and analized in a meta-xml format. the result can be rendered in nearly every format (e.g. office [Ap
bpnpp	BPN++ is an easy-to-use C++ implementation of a backpropagation neuron net. This library should make it easy to equip your programms with the abilty to learn.
bpowerd	bpowerd is a program to monitor Best Power Patriot and Patriot Plus UPSs under Linux. It uses init to inform the system of a power outage and is capable of detecting power fail and low battery conditions. It is also capable of killing the inverter on shu
bpp	The Beanshell Preprocessor; the fully caffeinated preprocessor.
bpquotes	A quotes database designed using Apache/PHP/MySQL for letting IRC users submit amusing quotes for others to see.
bpractitioner	BestPractitioner is an application which will bring your java project in line with java coding \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot;best practices\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot;
bproc	The Beowulf Distributed Process Space (BProc) is a set of Linux kernel modifications for easy process management and remote process creation in Beowulf style clusters.
bprocessor	The B-processor will renew the digital building model by implementing the B-model based on subdividing the project-space in connected functional and constructional spaces  a model with dynamic abilities and possibilities for effective 3D detailing
bps	BPS is a development kit for turning GUI programs into a bootable application. It supports making GUI&#039;s with wxWidgets, GTK, Qt, X, and FLTK. It is useful for creating applications like partition managers, disk forensic utilities, as well as other t
bptree	This is an implementation of a B+ tree in java.  Don&#039;t ask me why I had to implement it in java but I did.  The code works but it isn&#039;t efficient or solid, so my goal is to improve the quality of the code.
bpu	Die BrauProcessingUnit ist eine auf dem AT89C2051 basierende Schaltung um den Brauprozess für Hobbybrauer zu auromatisieren. Sie besteht aus einem Softwareteil für den Microcontroller und einem Hardwareteil. Damit wird das Bierbrauen vereinfacht.
bpwd	setup user password from text file,commande line or automaticaly.
bpwj	BPWJ is Java package that allows users to quickly develop parsers for application specific mini-languages. New languages are created incrumentally from generic tokenizer and parser classes.
bpws	Simple script to allow connecting to various wireless networks.
bpx	A set of extensions to Borland&#039;s Pascal programming language to improve and add functionality to compiled applications, primarily for Turbo Pascal, but compatible with other compilers, including GNU Pascal or Free Pascal.
bpynorma	bpyNorma is a Blender plugin (written in Python) which creates normal maps (similar to NVidia&#039;s Melody and ATI&#039;s Normal Mapper).
bqcollector	Java based application to store your favourites books, quotes and their authors.
bqos	bqos is an easy way to manage bandwidth on a linux system. With bqos you can easily share the bandwidth and/or  give a priority to specific services. bqos is based on iproute2 and curses.
bquestengine	IrrLichtRPG is a 3d walk-around game engine being developed with RPG-style play in mind. It is an ENGINE and not an actual game project, meaning it focuses on features and core code that can be used for individual game projects.
br-api	This project is one implementation of API for Information Retrieval
br-gaia	GAIA is a framework that allows OO projects to use Genetic Algorithm mechanisms to solve optimization and best solution search problems. With a set of specialized classes and a configuration file, any java application can abstract the GA logic.
br3-obd2	Obtaining information from a cars ECU via OBDII. Currently supports the &#039;BR3&#039; (obddiagnostics.com). Retrieves: Error Codes, MPH, RPM, OS, Onboard Test Results, and much much more. Consists ActiveX, Example &amp; Skinnable GUI. Possible Extended
bra	The Bro Re-usable Architecture (BRA) is a project by Christopher Jay Manders that will allow one, with minimal effort, to set up a working Bro (real-time intrusion detection) environment.
brabosphere	Brabosphere is a multiplatform application with two main uses: a 3D molecular visualisation tool and a graphical frontend for the quantum chemical program BRABO.
braceletdesign	An interactive GUI for designing friendship bracelets. See the project Home Page for web use of the latest stable release.
bracket-tracker	A Java Servlet based generic game tournament pool bracket tracking application suitable especially for the NCAA basketball championship tournament.  Features include bracket enterring, multiple scoring systems, multiple users, groups, pools, etc.
brackets	brackets configures, manages and displays the results of a knockout tournament (e.g., the NCAA basketball championships).
brackettool	BracketTool automates the creation of tournament brackets to help organize competition among players or teams. It is written in Java, with a JSP web interface to access a database, allowing users to view the current progress of the tournament.
bradley	Bradley Project, a set of classes such as a gallery, blog etc. which can be use together to form a complete CMS or independently in your current site. Written in PHP5. Current Classes include: gallery, thumbnail class, sql class, string class and file cl
bradob	This will be an all in one poker tournament director. I hope to have all sectors of running a poker tournament covered in this program.  Running a tournament will be easier and more complete. Using this program will make your poker games run smoother.
bradypus	Bradypus is system for mobile devices to search for better buss schedules in a buss system that you need to change from one buss to another in sub-stations. It works based in where you are and the place you want to go.
brag	Brag is a tool to collect and assemble multipart binary attachements from newsgroups. The implementation is bulletproof; ideal to run as a cron job. Supports uuencode, base64 and yenc encoded messages, and filtering based on subject.
brage-cm	Web based Change Management database for servers/software/devices. Have full control of the complete history of changes done to your server/software/devices from one common interface, accessible from any web browser. Includes an asset management module.
brago	Amtliche Rechtsanwalts- und Gerichtsgeb?hren f?r Deutschland, Tarife f?r neue (90%) und alte (100%) Bundesl?nder, komplett auf neue Euro-Tabelle umgestellt
brago2	BRAGO 2 dient zum Ermitteln der amtlichen Rechtsanwalts- und Gerichtsgeb?hren f?r Deutschland (inkl. PKH), basierend auf der aktuellen Euro-Tabelle. Es handelt sich dabei um eine Perl-Version von BRAGO 1 mit grafischer Oberfl?che.
bragpal	bragpal was initially coded for a solo purpose -- fine tuning brag&#039;s accept/reject files. Yet it is so useful that it can be handy in many situations. It is a great help to prevent duplicate news posting downloads, first for brag, and now for pan al
brahma	Brahma, is an open source initiative  to provide Adobe photoshop like functionality. It is an image viewer, image creator, Image manipulator, Image enhancer and automatic web photo album creator all roled into one.
brahma-fx	Brahma is a library written for the .NET platform, to provide high-level access to graphical and general purpose processing on the GPU. It eliminates the need for a shading language, generating shader code directly from IL at runtime.
brahmi	Brahmi project aims at producing Java Input Methods and OpenType fonts for Indian languages. They are bundled with Brahmi - Word Processor which installs the fonts, Input Methods and font.properties files
brahmi-mail	Brahmi Email Client is a Java based email client that aims to support features of full fledged email client. It also budles with it Java based Brahmi Input Methods available from http://brahmi.sourceforge.net
brahms	This music editor and sequencer provides professional score editing, compatibility to the KDE soundsystem aRts and most of all: A sophisticated and easy to use plugin architecture, enabling professional musicians to write plugins without recompilation
braifo	A braille translator and formatter for SGML/XML and other formats.
brailleamp	BrailleAmp is a simple yet powerful command-line-driven music player. Designed to be manipulated with minimal reliance on visual feedback without sacrificing user functionality, making it ideal for command-line junkies and the visually impaired.
braillecodes	Braille Codes.\nBecause there are a lot of \nspecial alphabets for Braille (tacticle alphabet for blind people) for different\nfields of human interests it \ncan be useful to have a quick\nreference for an alphabet a man is currently working with.
brain-boost	Sistema de busca que objetiva fornecer automaticamente resumos sobre temas solicitados.
brain-game	BrainGame: an implementation of a memory-prediction-framework based on Jeff Hawkins&#039; On Intelligence book
brain-wars	brainwars will be a corewar clone
brainblast	Puzzle game where you should try to memorize a pattern and then rebuild it. Similar to Brain Blasters on Amiga.
brainbox	BrainBox is a simulation toolbox, similar to MatLab, that simulates physics and mathematical models remotely via WebServices. BrainBox provides a user interface to help create the diagrams and interact with the simulation results with a built-in language
brainbug	Brainbug is an exploration robot created with Lego Mindstorms using BrickOS/C++.
braincells	Open source software from Consolidated Braincells Inc.
braincurses	An clone of the Mastermind game made with ncurses.
braindead	&quot;Braindead&quot; (Arbeitstitel) ist ein Spiel zur beliebten Flash Cartoon Serie &quot;Rudi Rabe&quot; von braindead2003.de mit Original-Stimmen.
braindump	BrainDump is a hierarchical note-taking application written in C#. It is similar to TreePad, JTreePad, and other Tree-like note-taking applications.
brainflow	A small text editor designed for brainstorming for creative writing.  It displays numerous real-time wordcount statistics and shows progress toward daily and long term goals.  Designed for use with the NaNoWriMo contest.
brainflux	BrainFlux is a pet project to teach physics and math the right way -- giving a visual, conceptual understanding. This software includes fast and educational code for simulation and visualization of things like relativity and quantum mechanics.
brainfoo	A compiler and an interpreter for the Brainfuck programming language.
brainfuck	A public Brainfuck programming contest.
brainfx	BrainFX, a customization of GenericFX for the field for functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI). It defines java classes, data hierarchy and data standard for the field of fMRI.
braingain	Project Braingain constitutes a highly-portable personal application for viewing, sharing, and transforming educational documents for Students and life long learners alike.
brainkrash	An object oriented PHP website framework based on FastTemplate engine, BrainKrash includes modules for authentication, skinning, form generation, online journals, etc.
brainlink	Brainlink is a collaborative text editor that utilitizes IP multicasting, written in Java. Brainlink is a port of the Network Text Editor (a research project created at University College London), developed at the University of Glasgow, Scotland.
brainnet	This project aims at creating a flexible, extendible and re-usable neural network library, and an XML based programming language to create, train and run neural networks using the above mentioned library.
brainnt	Brain Net. A Distributed Search Engine Network. Aims to be a scalable distributed search engine allowing dynamic connection of nodes. Performance depends on bandwidth.
brainparty	Brain Party is a 2D puzzle game for all the family. As you work your way through the game levels, you&#039;ll come up against over 50 brain-bending minigames designed to put all your mental faculties to the test.
brainpunch	BrainPunch is a p2p protocol based on the peer/tracker system known from BitTorrent. It uses UDP hole punching to establish connections between peers behind a NAT firewall.
brainrelax	Brain Relax is a translator from the BF (BrainF**k) programming language (a Turing-complete language) to other programming languages (such as C, TCL, PHP, Pascal, Perl, Basic, Python, etc.)
brainrss	brainRSS is a free php based rss read. It isnt using the php xml reader, so you can also use it on system where the php xml reader has been deactivated! It will support RSS0.91,RSS1 (Dublin Core,Syndication and Content) and RSS 2 and is very easy to use!
brainscript	BrainScript is an Active Script component that provides the BrainF*ck programming language to all Active Script host applications. These include Internet Explorer and the Windows Scripting Host.
brainsquash	Two way communication from any Excel, PowerPoint, Word application to Linux.  The  Brain is a custom TCP server, running under Linux, capable of accepting multiple connections from VBA objects and redistributing or storing the information in real-time.
brainstorm	Brainstorm is a news system manager written in PHP, and uses a MySQL database. It is simple and fast to set up, but powerful as well. Contains a front page news manager, with managed archives, a ranked links list, and random title bar messages.
brainstraindbg	A Windows debugging environment for the brainfuck programming language.
brainterrace	BrainTerrace is a local php website for instant access to everything you try to remember, you download, or you collect. Download your files: BrainTerrace will organize, store, let you search and deliver. Five min to add a novel collection if not included
braintop	The BrainTop project is the development of a new concept of interaction with the computer: a more natural, intuitive, &quot;human&quot; interface.
brainware	BrainWare is a set of perl objects providing a web based set of groupware tools (mail, FTP, irc, calendar, forum,  and H323 video conference for the time being), creating  a knowledge workplace for organizations of any size.
brainwash	An optimizing interpreter for the Brainfuck programming language.
braiter	Braille translator. Abiword plugin for translating documents to braille language.
brakerelease	Powerful batch processing user interface for HandBrake Win32(Cygwin), and potentially other .NET/Mono targets. Provided mass batch conversion of chosen ripped sources folders to specified output.
bramble	A cross-platform IMAP and calendaring client. Supports secure ACAP, CalDAV, IMAP, and SMTP.
branches	Branches for OpenVMS provides an &quot;operator in a box&quot; to service your tape and optical disk data libraries during &quot;lights-out&quot; and &quot;hands-off&quot; operations.
branchseeker	Branchseeker is an easy and powerful tool to seek extremely fast branch opcodes like &quot;jmp REG&quot; or &quot;pop REG, pop REG, ret&quot; in executables. It executes the process and waits until idle state (being fully unpacked) to do a binary search.
brandmaker	Solution for brand naming
brandy	Brandy is an interpreter for BBC Basic (or Basic V) that runs under a variety of operating systems. Basic V is the version of Basic supplied with desktop computers running RISC OS. These were originally made by Acorn Computers.
brandywine1	B&amp;B episode XV is a classical graphic adventure game. It is based on the series &quot;Brandywine &amp; Baldwin&quot; from the Dortmunder local TV station &quot;florian TV&quot;. At present it is only in German language available. This game continues 
branscan	A network search tool written in PHP that allows for the cataloguing and searching of a university or business SMB/CIFS network in a MySQL database.
brantbots	&#039;Brantbots&#039; is the public release of numerous software applications written by Steve Sokolowski (&quot;Brant&quot;) for the Active Worlds 3D environment.
brapster	Os membros de um grupo poderão compartilhar seus dados de acordo com a ontologia do grupo. Isso pode ser feito atrávez da definição de tags para cada arquivo ou diretório, assim como tags para grupos. Quando um usuário entra no grupo Cibercultura,
brasilnuke	Brasil Nuke ? um softwere tipo Post-Nuke ou PHP-Nuke dentre outros s? que em Portugu?s
braslib	BrasLib is a set of Delphi/Lazarus components. Basically it have some report pallete working under Windows and Linux. Like a &quot;small&quot; version of Delphi QuickReport, but have support to justified text and shadows in text. Other resources are plan
brasnerd	NerdBR IRCd is the daemon used by StarByte IRC Network for provide a stable and fast network to all friendly people of the world :)
brass	brass (braille and speech server). brass makes the Linux console accessible for blind users. It offers Braille and speech output. brass is based on brltty, but contains a lot of extensions for speech output.
bratenfett	This project is inactive.
bratsproc	bratsproc - a php dynamic html environment that manages SQL database recordsin a web browser. Form data is contained in supplied tables, and allows the user to create menus, forms (even header/body), searches, lookups, reports.
braveat	3d roguelike project, based on hits like ADOM, MORIA, NETHACK. Full 3d, and trun-based mode.
bravenewworld	Here will be a new Project by me in a while, when I find some time, but promised in maximum  a month there will be something here.
brawl	Ninjas duel to the death in this one on one platform game in the style of the DOS game Marshmellow Duel.  Should work on any platform supported by SDL.
brawlonline	An open-source implementation of a server and client that enable the play of BRAWL over the Internet.
brazier	The Brazier Project is a structured server and client system. It is designed to allow communities to place their own worlds and maps onto the server, and script them accordingly.
brazu	BRAZU é um projeto de software que ao receber URL de servidores de transmissão de MP3 na Internet como o shoutcast.com, o usuário possa ouvir e gravar as transmissões como arquivos individuais no seu disco rígido.
brcluster	brCluster is a class library, written in java, that implements generic clustering algorithms carefully designed to allow its aplication in any kind of data. The algorithms implemented are K-means and Hierarchical Clustering (Simple and Complete Link).
brcm6345-linux	The objective of the project is to provide a flexible, full working Linux distribution for Broadcom 6435 chip based ADSL routers (some examples are  US Robotics 9105/9106,   Siemens SE515, Dynalink RTA230, Buffalo WMR-G54 and Inventel DW 200).
brconfig	Broadband Tester is a toolset to test and set network configuration for a broadband Internet connection. It also includes tools for bandwidth measurement.
brcontrol	Brcontrol is a set of patches to allow some interaction between a IDS and a firewall (currently snort and linux netfilter) It can help in the creation of aggresive honeypots or other advanced firewall and ids configurations. In can also work as bridge.
bre-revised	B.R.E. Revised is bringing new life to the old game Barren Realms Elite by john daily software.  It only contains the concept, everything else in the game is different.
bre4j	BRE4J is a Business Rule Engine based on java implementation of Rete algorithm, provides a forward-chaining inference engine capabilities and has an adapter for springframework - for easy integration with J2EE platform. It supports CLIPS and RuleML as ru
breach	SourceForge is crap, I&#039;ve moved to http://www.darkarts.co.za. Complain to sourceforge regarding the fact that they refuse to delete projects here: https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=add&amp;group_id=1&amp;atid=200001
breadbox	Organizes files stored on a CD and indexed for searching and retrieval. Stores the file name, directory, volume label, file information (i.e. id3 tags), and more info from a CD-R. Reference implementation uses Perl and MySQL.
breadcrumb	A full web suite to integrate and centralize information, discussions, resources and the community for the church/fellowship using PHP/mySQL!
breakanoid	Breakanoid is a remake of that classic arcade game Breakout but this time with a twist - multiplayer - now you can play your friends over the internet or a LAN to make the game even more interesting
breakinguard	Perl-based syslog watcher that matches certain login failures (SSH, FTP, POP3) and can dynamically block and email an alert, helping to monitor and manage hosting facilities
breakit	This project aims at developing a comprehesive Java library for Encryption as well as performing Linear and Differential Cryptanalysis of SPN [ Substitution Permutation Networks] and DES algorithms.
breakjava	A Java-enabled game of Breakout(&quot;Brickout&quot;/&quot;Pong&quot;)
breakwater	This is a prototype of a secure electronic voing software for large scale elections.
breathe	Using C++, STL, OpenGL, SDL and ODE.  This project strives for platform independance, code readability and speed.  The main target is to provide a convincing driving and physical simulation through the use of ODE at a reasonable frame rate.
breathoffantasy	Breath of Fantasy is a classic role-playing game (RPG) similar to the early Breath of Fire and Final Fantasy series. BOF is being developed in perspective 3D using OpenGL, and is written in C++.  Currently running in Windows; future support for Linux.
breeze	Breeze C++ is a collection of portable C++ libraries and components aimed at high quality, integration with the standard library and careful balance between power and complexity.
breeze-cms	Breeze CMS\nBuild with PHP+MySQL, an PHP Content Manage System. \nCan run at Linux/Unix/Win32, apache/IIS, PHP, MySQL.
breezedev	Breeze is a build and test automation framework for software developers.  It is written in Ruby and can be extended to include tasks that interact with other tools such as source code repositories, compilers, test frameworks, and installers.
breezle	A moodle module that interface Moodle with Macromedia Breeze Live.
breezy	Breezy is a framework aiming to simplify the development of Java GUI applications on Swing. Via the built-in and customized annotations in Breezy, developers could have event handling, data binding and data validation with the minimum efforts.
brej	Please go to http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/jxbre from now on. Project has moved.
bremote	BTRemote provides wireless Bluetooth remote control on Linux over Xine (Free multimedia player) with SonyEricsson T610 phone (and possibly with other non-Symbian SonyEricsson Bluetooth phones).
bren	Batch Renaming Utility - GUI and console tool for batch renaming using user defined templates. User templates can contain &#039;user tags`to extract `file ACM DateTime, Exif and Id3 information. bren - is written using wxWidgets framework.
brephp	brePHP is a PHP editor for Windows written in Delphi. It&#039;s features will include projects, configurable keyboard shortcuts, error checking using php.exe, go to line and go to function, find and replace functions using PCRE on whole projects or folde
breplibrary	Implementation of a topological data structure for representing the boundary (surface) of a 3D solid. A core layer on top of which e.g. CSG operations or 3D model topology fixers can be build. Includes a CSG sample application.
bret	Rule-based engine that will be used by e-commerce, ERP modules to produce web pages.
bretagne	Bretagne, l&#039;administration simplifi?e d&#039;un site
breve	breve is a free, open-source 3D multi-agent simulation package designed for simulating decentralized systems and artificial life.
brevity	A simple, clean, easy to use CMS that allows for complete customization.
brevus	Brevus - it&#039;s not OLAP! Offline analytical processing, easy to configure integrate and run.
brew-session	A Web Based application to assist the Home Brewer or Small to Medium-sized Brewery in formulating recipes, recipe sharing, track brewing sessions, catalog their inventory of ingredients and supplies and perform all the calculations needed in beer making.
brewaim	Development of a BREW AOL Instant Messenger Client for use with Verizon GET IT NOW technology on compatible cell phones. This Project uses Visual C++ 6.0 and the BREW SDK Kit. More infomation on BREW can be found at http://www.qualcomm.com/brew/ and at h
brewback	Brewback is a web application framework for Python.  It is built around the Composite-Visitor pattern so that it can easily support multiple platforms, and features of similar frameworks can be incorporated without much change.
brewblogger	BrewBlogger is a easy to set up, easy to use, web-based homebrew log. It is a PHP/MySQL-based system that provides today&#039;s beer brewer not only a fast and easy way to record their beer brewing activities, but also blog-like forum to share their effo
brewcalc	Brewing software written in QT-4 for homebrewers. A tool for recipe formulation, helpful brewing tools, beer evaluation. Ingredients database and conversions.
brewmaster	BrewMaster is a Mac OS X system for managing all the inner-workings of home-based beer brewing: recipes, results, and timetables.
brewnix	BrewNIX is the brewing software for many varieties of *nix, but is in bad need of help. Rather than pay for some expensive Windows platform program, join in the development of this open source alternative.
brewprofiler	This project aims to write a profiler for BREW Applications and Extensions. The BREW Profiler intercepts BREW API routines that the standard C++ profilers DO NOT understand. This profiler reports resource leaks and resource allocation hotspots.
brewsta	Brewsta, design, store and edit beer recipes. Cross platform home brewing software. paul sorenson
brewster	Software for democratising the tea and coffe making process in the work place.
brewthology	Web based Brewing Recipe Database with integrated calculator and XML Support. Allows users to upload or create beer recipes, save them, and download them as BeerXML files. Visitors can view, rate, and download recipes from the collection.
brfint	With this program you can interpret your Brainfuck code.
brflog	Sistema Multi-Usuário de Fotolog - BR Flog Ele foi feito com 100% de empenho um Brasileiro para que todos no Brasil ou fora possam utilizar esse sistema em seu site ou portal. System Multi-User Fotolog - BR Flog It was made with a 100% of persistence Br
briam	This project aim to build a graphical output of BLAST alignments with more then one sequence database. Using Perl scripts and MySQL.
brian	Brian is Python envirement for developing applications.
brian-d-foy	Perl modules created by or maintained by brian d foy
briareos	Briareos is a framework for dynamic service discovery and information retrieval that is intended to allow autonomous reaction to environmental change in network-distributed application clusters.
bribble	BRIBBLE is an chat system based on a JAVA chatserver, FLASH chat clients and PHP/MYSQL backend systems.
bric-template	Publishing templates used for Bricolage.  Optionally installed, the suite loads default settings for publishers just starting use.
brick	Continuous code integration tool and general repository for Sydney Geek Night.
brick-cms	Brick is a light and powerfull open source CMS providing full design possibilities and very modular functionnalities, to create the web content you want (intra and corporate portal, blog, e-commerce,etc) conform to the last W3C recommandations.
brick-xml	The goal of the Brick XML project is to develop open XML data formats and tools for defining and describing construction toy models and elements, specifically those made by the Lego Group.
brickclean	Brick breaking game (Arkanoid-like...) intended to run in all X11 environements. Versions for other platforms might be planned in the future.
brickinv	With this application, the user will be able to inventory his / her lego set collection and the parts in those sets. Main goal of the project is to enable data exchange between different inventorying efforts, connecting the data &quot;isles&quot;.
brickivitz	An innovative, open source approach to machine learning and stock market prediction using support vector machines.
bricklayer	Bricklayer is a Ruby web application framework that uses a component architecture very loosely based on that of perl&#039;s HTML::Mason. To see the proof of concept for Bricklayer, check out the Liber RDF Portal project.
bricklayer-perl	Bricklayer (or bricklayer-perl) is a perl/mod_perl2 templating engine on steroids yet is extremely simple. It&#039;s main objective is for web applications but it is also capable of use from the console.
brickoak	Brickoak is a collection of mathematical tools and programs (written in eiffel). It contails a tool to calculate polynomial knot invariants (jones polynomial, ...),an embryo of a multidimensional database , and an embryo of an interpreter.
brickoids	Brickoids Millenium is a Brickles clone for the MacOS platform which has been around since 1998.  Only now is it open-source and GPL&#039;d for the public. =)
brickos	BrickOS is an alternative software environment for the LEGO(r) Mindstorms Robotic Invention System. The intent is to allow developers to write C and/or C++ code for the RIS platform.
bricks	No more boring static web pages, this DHTML layout system facilitates building data-driven web-sites (weblogs, photo albums, etc.) without writing code.  Runs on top of Unix + Apache + mod_perl + Mason (www.masonhq.com).
bricks-os	Bricks is an open source operating system for game consoles, written mostly in C++.
bricks4j	Bricks4J is a set of common tools, utils and classes for Java, aiming to ease development for a widespread kind of tasks.
bricksmith	Virtual Lego modeling for your Macintosh.
brickstrike	This is an addictive arcade/puzzle game.
bricksviewer	A Java application/applet for viewing Lego .lxf scene files.
bricktalk	Smalltalk environment (compiler, virtual machine, library)
brickweb	BrickWeb is a component to simply web page design. It divided a web page into multiple independence pages, Those pages organized by BrickWeb and using a template file (written by HTML )to decide the target layout.
brico	Brico is a framework for swing app building based on command processing. It handles a request/response cycle managed by a Controller and it also supports the Chain of Responsability pattern.
bricolage	Bricolage is a full-featured open source content management and publishing system. Its features include intuitive yet highly configurable administration, workflow, permissions, templating, server-neutral output, distribution, and document management.
bricspe	A workbench for programming various robotics platforms. It supports Lego RCX and PRiSM right now.
bricxcc	Bricx Command Center (BricxCC) is a highly popular Windows-based IDE for programming LEGO programmable bricks using NQC as well as MindScript, LASM, C++, C, Pascal, Java, and Forth. Program the new NXT brick using NBC and NXC.
bridge	IEEE 802.1d ethernet bridging (plus Spanning Tree protocol) for the linux kernel. Kernel code is in Linux 2.4 and 2.6 kernels.
bridgecon	Bridge Constructor is a game where you have to build a bridge to support a passing train. It&#039;s supposed to be an improvement of Bridge Builder (http://www.bridgebuilder-game.com).
bridgenet	This is a bridge game developed under .NET, designed for players to play across the net or locally, against fellow humans or computers.\n\nCurrently still being prototyped.
bridgesim	Bridge building simulation game for linux.
bridgeskill	Better your bridge skill. Now it contains only bd (dealing hands) which helps you to remember cards. since it&#039;s a console program, you can do training in worktime :). It is portable, small and easy to use (you need not know any script programming)
bridgestudio	Java Software for Bridge
bridgetools	BRIDGE (Basic Resources for Integrated Distributed Group Environments) and foundation CORK (Content Object Replication Kit) provide an architecture to develop collaborative Java applications that can be shared synchronously across distributed clients.
brie	BeOS Rapid Integrated Environment (or BRIE for short) is an IDE for rapid development of BeOS / OBOS / Zeta applications. All code is generated in C/C++ using the BeOS API plus a few extensions.
brieftaube	Private chatting without the need of registration.
bright	B.right is a PHP/MySQL driven application, which allows for the definition of training courses. B.right links training modules to courses and courses to course programs. B.right can generate training proposals based upon job role descriptions.
brightconsult	A consultant management software written in Java for small and medium sized businesses. Will in the future incorporate all aspects of consultant management such as resource management, time and expenses, project collaboration, and financial reporting. Th
brightd	The effort to create a GCC port has moved to http://www.opend.org
brightlight	BrightLight gives everyone in your organization insight into the software development and deployment process, including costs, planning, and project delivery. It plugs into your existing source-code control and bug-tracking systems.
brightmoo	Part authoring tool, part electronic environment, BrightMOO is designed to demonstrate the feasibility of building client-side, three-dimensional interactive environments using existing MOO technology.
brights-acorn	web-based software used to facilitate collaborative action among members of an activist or other action oriented website.
brightstar	Creating a scalable Linux httpd for fun and profit.
brihaspati	This project is implementing a LMS (learning management system) named Brihaspati (Guru of Indian Gods). This software provides a framework for content publication to create virtual classroom.
brije	A Reference implementation of the JISC Baseline Portal Specification as at http://www.ukoln.ac.uk/distributed-systems/jisc-ie/arch/portal/spec/
brikx	A small puzzle game in which your goal is to remove all tiles from the table. You are held up by other tiles, gravity walls, and other things, and you can even redesign the level while playing!
brilliant-bingo	Brilliant Bingo is a Bingo Sheet generator developed in Delphi. The purpose of this project is to enable fundraisers to easily generate Bingo Sheets for Bingo Tournaments.
brilliantcms	Brilliant CMS is an open source content management system designed with coustomization and easy of use in mind.  Bells and whistles out = &gt; Functionality in.
brilliantportal	Too many PHP CMSs tend to be both too complex for casual webmasters, too disorganized for developers, and too convoluted for style designers. Brilliant Portal uses a fresh approach to change all that... Brilliant!
brillion	This is intended to be a faithful reimplementation of an old C=64 game called crillion.
brim	BRIM is a MVC framework, written in PHP and based on items with a hierarchical relationship. The list of plugins make BRIM a Information Manager with plugins like bookmarks, a calendar, contacts tasks, notes, RSS etc. The application is multilingual.
brimstone	A hobbygame-project written in C++, using the SDL- and SDL_image-libraries
brinkofwar	Brink of War is a real-time strategy game with unique gameplay elements and an evolving storyline. It is built with OpenGL and provides multiplayer gameplay.
briolette	Briolette is an MVC-based PHP5 application framework. Its aims are simplicity, clear separation of application layers and appropriate use of standard OO design patterns.
bripper	The main purpose of this applictaion is a plattform independent Client - Server architecture for distributed computing. The practical use is command-line based video/audio converting tool over a cluster distributet Network Design
brisc	BRISC (BRISC Really IS Cool) is 1) a library for Haralick, Gabor and Markov image feature extraction from pulmonary nodule DICOM images and 2) a simple content-based image retrieval (CBIR) system for pulmonary nodule databases (ie. LIDC).
briscolan	Classic Italian card game, LAN version.Useful in academic computer lab.
briscolone	Traditional &quot;briscolone&quot; or &quot;briscola chiamata&quot; card game, developed in Java, with computer players and network gaming (via RMI)
briskas	Spanish Napiers, is a card game based on the popular Spanish game &quot;Briscas&quot; written in python and pygame.
briskola	Alpha stage multi player card game known as Briskola.
bristol	Bristol is synth emulation package for a diverse range of vintage synthesisers and organs. The application consists of a multithreaded audio synthesiser and a user interface called brighton.
brite	Brite is an end-user application that allows for the creation, management, and execution of test cases against a piece of software under test. It allows (with some integration work) non-technical users to validate code written in any language. It differs
britelysched	A scheduling and course management system for students and faculty at the Univesity of Delaware
britney	Britney is a dynamic, webbased system that renders information and visualizations according to user-based compositions. It allows to quickly publish content for projections, information displays etc.
brix-os	fast single-privilege single-address-space preemptive-multithreading persistent data-centric secure multiuser operating system with safe-language and reconfigurable graphical interface
brlcad	BRL-CAD is a powerful cross-platform constructive solid geometry solid modeling system that includes an interactive geometry editor, ray-tracing for rendering &amp; geometric analyses, network distributed framebuffer support, image &amp; signal-processin
brltex	LaTex to braille translator for Maths, intended to be able to support multiple braille codes.
brm	BRM is Boost Regex Macroprocessor. Small interpretor language based on syntax MM program by M.Flerov and boost:regex
broadbander	The objective of this project is to create an open platform package in Java to receive, store, analyze and display traffic and hacking atttempts that occur over broadband devices that send snmp traps such as the Linksys or Netgear line of cable/dsl route
broadbnd-manage	Broadband Manager is a web based, mysql backended interface to manage a small ro medium sized cable network. It includes an email/ftp manager, DHCP server manager, Logging facilities, Call logging facility and Cable modem diagnostics.
broadcasterlive	Information broadcaster located on the desktop of end-users.
broadcastgl	Broadcast GL (BGL) is an OpenGL library for distributed rendering. It  distributes the OpenGL API commands over the local area network using UDP broadcast. This way it can achieve high scalability with good networking efficiency.
broadcasttvxml	Broadcast Television Open XML Standards for EDI
broadsnatch	Mediablogging application leveraging BitTorrent protocol
broadway	Broadway - Filesharing mit maximaler Downloadgeschwindigkeit f?r Jeden!!!
brocade	The Brocade integrated the mature AJAX technology built the commonly used web components,provide the function to part render the webpage,to build rapidly web applications based on user experience.The Brocade is the Cross-Browser.
broccoli	Broccoli contains:\n-real and complex numbers,vectors,matrices,functions,polynomials\n-function minimizers,evolutionary algorithms,neural networks\n-pdfs,cdfs,max-likelihood,regression,DGPs,PRNGs,armax,garch,statistical estimation etc.\n-friendly JavaSwingGU
brockmaestro	At the moment, the world lacks a good open-source sheet music and notation editor. Brockmaestro is a project to create one of these. It is currently written for UNIX-like platforms.
broke-aid	Broke-Aid is a cheap SAN alternative with built-in Brocade(R)-type fencing mechanism. It uses GNU/Linux and open source software components. Broke-Aid has been tested with Red Hat Enteprise Linux (versions 3 and 4) Cluster Suite and Global File System.
brokenwing	Brokenwing is a 3d space combat game, like XWA, TIE-FIghter,... If you want to join the crew (currently only me), click here!!!
brokeradapter	Wealthlab Broker Adapter for use with multiple brokers
brokeresb	This is an ESB running under a GPL licence agreement. All integration points will be executed in a user-defined flows that are programmed inside of an atomic Java or(and) C/C++ Nodes.
brokerj2me	Broker for J2ME is an implementation of the popular board game Broker based on J2ME.
brokermanager	Aplicació web per a la simulació d&#039;inversions en borsa. Joc multi-usuari.
broncologo	It is the primary goal of this project to develop an online LOGO utility using the standard JAVA AWT and Swing capabilities.  The general implementation will be based on the UCBerkeley LOGO (UCBLOGO) which includes the graphical displays and LOGO intepre
brook	Brook is a general purpose stream programming language which is an extension of standard ANSI C and is designed to incorporate the ideas of data parallel computing and arithmetic intensity into a familiar, efficient language.
broscanreporter	The Bro Scan Reporter is a tool to automate reporting of network scans. It automates the reporting to those responsible for an agressor IP address range, to a reporting organization (such as CIAC or FBI), and/or to the local Systems Administrator(s).
brotherjonathan	Brother Jonathan is a cross-platform ERP/MRP package coded in PHP, allowing small manufacturers to manage custom jobs. Built on the Zend Framework in an easily extensible manner with modules for quotes, sales orders, purchase orders, and invoices, etc.
brouzer	Brouzer is a Macintosh style file browser. Like the Finder, it use slide panels to show the structure and content of the directories. Added tool buttons, Navigate bar and expandable tabs make it extra convenient to use.
browlser	Browlser lets you view Semantic Web RDF/OWL straight from your browser. Supports SWRL rules for OWL files that also define rules for displaying the data. You can give someone a URL address which directly runs the OWL application.
browmander	BrowMander -&gt; BROWser and comMANDER. Twin-panel (commander style) filemanager with browser, webserver and DC++ function. Built in FTP client, archiver, text editor (width syntax highliting) audio/video player, picture viewer and more.
brownbag	To provide a bunch of useful applications for daily use.  The first of those applications was donated by NIH\\&#039;s DECA, it\\&#039;s called REX and is a Request/Bug tracker.  All applications will be Struts 1.1 and greater based.
brownbuffalo	Tutorial materials on constraint logic programming with finite domains, CLP/FD, using solutions to logic puzzles as code examples  -- ECLIPSE programming language
brownie	Brownie is a program for analyzing rates of continuous character evolution on a tree or set of trees.
brownrpg	Brown RPG is an open-source role-playing game started/operated by Brown University students. The aim of the project is to create a cross-platform, Java-based RPG that takes place on the Brown University campus, and plays on legends of the campus.
browscap-ini	Public domain, freely available, rarely updated Browscap.ini file. There is a MUCH more regularly updated browscap.ini file here: http://browsers.garykeith.com/ I would recommend using Gary&#039;s version over the one here!
browse	Power Browser is an Open Source web browser developed in Visual Basic.NET 2005
browseazureus	The Browse Azureus plugin provides web access to the Azureus BitTorrent client. The table of torrents allows configurable filtering, sorting, column visibility and positioning. Ability to add new torrents via its URL or file upload is also included.
browsebyquery	A query language for browsing.  You query your database-- why don&#039;t you query your code?  Write queries to provide custom views of your code base (Java now, others to follow).  Integrates with popular IDEs or standalone.
browsecd	BrowseCD is a directory browser suitable for data-CD content. It only shows a directory tree, only files named &quot;Readme.txt&quot;, &quot;Liesmich.txt&quot;, &quot;LisezMoi.txt&quot;, &quot;LeggiMi.txt&quot; are shown and displayed when selected. You 
browseftp	browseftp is a utility which allows users to access ftp servers using thier browsers trough http. This is not a ftp-http bridge. This utility provides html interface to access ftp servers and perform ftp operations.
browseiteclipse	This plugin is a tool, which allow to browse the selected element directly in an external programm (i.e. on windows machines the explorer). Alternatively, you can copy the absolute path to the clipboard.
browsemonkey	BrowseMonkey is simple : an offline directory browser. It allows you to store a directory tree structure (in Xml format), and browse that data. It?s useful for cataloging the contents of your CDRs, backup tapes or remote drives.
browser-windows	A Windows System Framework in a browser. Any one can implement the Information Management System, such as ERP, CRM, SCM, MIS, etc. based on this project. The developers can make the web applications from B/S style to C/S style by the wrapper of AJAX.
browserbookapp	A GNOME panel applet (menu) to access your browser&#039;s bookmarks.
browsergame-gof	This is a browser game ...
browserik-3d	3D browser of filesystem whith vizualization of images (primary).
browserkit	A simple, clean web browser.
browserlaunch2	BrowserLauncher2, a continuation of the BrowserLauncher project, is a library that facilitates opening a browser from a Java application and directing the browser to a supplied url. In most cases the browser opened will be the user&#039;s default browser
browsero	A generic set of dabase manipulator and code generator for php
browserunit	browserunit is a .Net library, which can be used to automate the microsoft internet explorer. the main purpose is testing web applications in a &quot;watir-like&quot; way, usually in combination with NUnit.
browzilla	An alternative file browser/editor for advanced users with embeded viewer and plugin system
brozz87	Soccer Manager, nome in codice iSoccer, si presenta come un manageriale calcistico sviluppato interamente in PHP/AJAX supportato da un ricco e potente database MySQL 5.x. Questo insieme di tecnologie Web permette lo sviluppo di un potente gioco manageria
brrapi	brrapi -- A set of simple APIs for DB access, Reflection, GUI, etc.
brrs	BRRS is an Open Source web-based reservation system for Restaurants, allowing  to place reservations on multiple restaurants. The administrative side allows complete control over description, number of seats and tables and day off settings.
brs	Multi-platform Backup/Archive/Restore system.
brt	Broadcast Traffic Management for Commercial Radio and TV Stations
bruinbot	iBot is a web-saavy chat bot that responds to natural language requests, and carries on reasonable conversations. It parses requests, queries the Internet, and generates English responses.
bruiser	A Javadoc browser that simplifies searching for Java class documentation.
brules	bRules engine is an API used in executing business logic declaratively. The rules are defined in an XML file and while runtime the rules are evaluated based on the values of attributes in a Java object
brume	Brume is a game engine written in C# and based on the .NET Framework 2.0 and Managed DirectX 9.
brunhilde	Brunhilde is a lightweight MP3/Media server, designed to provide easy, remote access to an MP3/Media library from a web-based interface.
brunsfair	The Brunswick Science Fair Project is an attempt to evolve code snippets into complex organisms.  Programmed in Java
brush	Brush is meant to be a simple raster and vector graphics editing suite.
brustracja	BRUSTRACJA is an entertainment portal. It&#039;s all is in Polish and it&#039;s pretty much dead now.
brutalchess	Brutal Chess features full 3D graphics, an advanced particle engine, and several different levels of intelligent AI, inspired by the once popular &quot;Battle Chess&quot; released by Interplay circa 1988.
brutalis	BRUTALIS - BRUTeforce ALternative Is Stupid. Brutalis generate brute force passwords. It can be integrated in any command line for an attack and support resume, character panel, minimum and maximum length, special separating characters and more.
bruteblock	Bruteblock allows system administrators to block various bruteforce attacks on UNIX services. The program analyzes system logs and adds attacker&#039;s IP into IPFW table effectively blocking them. Addresses are removed from the table after expiration pe
brutesque	A Command Line Interface HTTP Brute Forcer capable of proxy rotation, proxy lists, can use either combo lists, or user and password lists seperately.
brutesshd	brutesshd is an application written in c/php in order to prevent bruteforce attacks through ssh. Brutesshd uses iptables/pfctl tools to block this type of attacks
brutez	A shell script which determines by brute force the best compression format (bzip2, gzip, Z, zip, etc.) and which compression level to use in order to archive a file the smallest possible.
brutus	The UIMA Annotator (called BRUTUS - Business Rules from Unstructured Text and Unstructured Sources) is a component for the UIMA Framework that allows for capturing business knowledge formalized in Structured English syntax (based on OMG&#039;s SBVR) with
brv-dev-tools	All 32-bit MS Windows (95/98/NT/2000/XP)
brx	BrowseX is a Web Browser that is implemented in C and Tcl.It is not based at all upon the mozilla code base.BrowseX also contains a mail reader and loads of features.
bryantca577	Finger print listings
bryar	Bryar is a lightweight, extensible and modern system for blogging.  It can be as simple as text files in a directory tree, or as complex as a multi-user, multi-author database.  It&#039;s your site.  It&#039;s your tool.
bs-magic	A synthesized large scale website/application development framework.
bs2b	The Bauer stereophonic-to-binaural DSP (bs2b) library and plugins is designed to improve headphone listening of stereo audio records. Recommended for headphone prolonged listening to disable superstereo fatigue without essential distortions.
bs4j	Build System for Java offers an enhanced build environment that ties together deployment instructions, environment configuration and source code as a releaseable entity. A new paradigm for configuration management!
bsat	BSAT is a project to create an open source cross-platform baseline security auditing tool to perform system assessments and verify compliance with published security standards such as those from CIS, NIST, and NSA.
bsc-rank	XML/XLS template &quot;application&quot; for organizing and ranking Eve-Online character skill XML sheet.
bsc-torque-proj	This project is Torque Game engine Starters kit for Academic audience and modified version of TGE demo.
bscan	The dll will be used for access http by winsock, so we can use it to access web as a dll in our program, it should be easy using and fast in multi thread internet access program.
bsck	Band Site Construction Kit is a robust, easy to use website for Everyband.
bscms	Newspaper and Magazine professional publications - A new way to integrate Internet and Newspaper publications. Can also be applied to online magazines. Standing for quality, stability, speed and development and freedom of GNU/GPL.
bscribbles	BScribbles strives to improve any PHP webpage. Its transparent integration is painless to configure and install. Once in place, any visitor will be able to scribble (post) to a board using a simple, non obtrusive interface. Freely Provided under the GPL!
bscript	BScript is a fast, lightweight and portable BASIC interpreter.
bscriptinstall	Create your own installers in a easy to use .net interface or use notepad to create batch script installers.Created by Vivek Narayanan
bscweasel	BSCWeasel ? Eclipse based RCP for the BSCW Groupware. BSCWeasel enables new and different ways to use the BSCW. In addition to the functionality of BSCW, BSCWeasel provides a highly flexible and adaptable Eclipse based system. (see www.bscweasel.de)
bscwweasel	PLEASE USE THE FOLLOWING LINK! https://sourceforge.net/projects/bscweasel/ -- the project has been renamed --
bsd-cp	BSD Control Panel is a robust configuration interface for FreeBSD and PC-BSD with a GUI written in C++ and using QT.
bsd-pstack	[from port&#039;s pkg-descr] &quot;pstack&quot; is a workalike for the Solaris program of the same name. Running pstack on a process or core file produces a stack trace of each thread in that process.
bsd-scripts	BSD Scripts Project - a set of useful scripts for maintaining BSD based systems.
bsd-supdup	SUPDUP client and server for Unix
bsd-utils-aconf	This is an attempt to make BSD utils (commands like ls, cd, etc.) build nicely on Linux machines.  Hopefully, this will work sometime before the next millenium =)
bsdadm	bsdadm is a FreeBSD system and security audit software
bsdadminscripts	A collection of scripts to handle administrative tasks on several BSD systems such as FreeBSD and NetBSD.
bsdaemon	BSD-Like Unix System with Security focus.  This uses TrustedBSD project, but in OpenBSD platform.
bsdbot	BSDbot is an artificial opponent for the 3D FPS game Counter-Strike. BSDbot is based upon the bot template authored by botman.
bsdbox	BSDBox is somewhat same as PicoBSD, but It fits on flash(e.g. CF card, USB stick, DOC/DOM chip, 8MB is enough), not on floppy.
bsdcalendar	This is standard unix calendar program for Linux, ported from OpenBSD.
bsdchannel	BSDCHANNEL presents interresting screencasts for FreeBSD users.
bsdcontact	&quot;BSD contact&quot; is an integrated communication tool for UNIX/Linux, especially for PC-BSD(www.pcbsd.org).\n&quot;BSD contact&quot; faces to end user and offers a friendly way to mail or talk to each other. not mind what soft ware they use.
bsdfam	BSD-licensed clone of SGI&#039;s FAM (File Alteration Monitor) API used to notify application when specific files or directories are changed. Unlike Linux version, to monitor changes it uses excellent kqueue(9) kernel API available in modern BSD derivati
bsdfw	this firewall is a union of lot of tool distributed free for the OS NetBSD, OpenBSD and FreeBSD, use web services with xml-rpc and soap, and a desktop too based on Gtk
bsdpak	A BSD Package Management utility, in the future releases will support automated update and upgrading of packages (if you sync the ports tree from cvs).
bsdpanel	Open Source Web Server Control Panel for POSIX &amp; Windows Operating Systems written on several languages as PHP,ASP,C++,Perl,JS.
bsdsar	BSDSAR is a System Activity Reporter for FreeBSD.  It is very useful if you have a server that is used for NFS, web, ftp, samba, etc, serving and you need to know how heavily loaded the box is.
bsdscan	A light-weight  port scanner with BSD-derived operating systems in mind.
bsdsfv	Have you been looking for a all-in-one SFV utility you can use on your own computer as well as on your site? Had problems with other SFV utils because they were too inflexible and you couldn&#039;t check some files?
bsdsort	Faster and BSD licenced implementation of sort(1) utility. Uses radixsort. Originally written for 4.3BSD, bashed into shape on NetBSD.
bsdsscs	A series of shell scripts for system administrators that takes a base install of FreeBSD and configures it to be used as a public shell server. Disk quotas, application installing, new user management, etc....
bsdstation	This project will eventually provide bootable cdr images for both playstation one and 2, containing the NetBSD operating system.
bsdstep	BSDStep is an open source BSD based distribution using code from the L4 Microkernel, DragonFly BSD, Cairo and GNUstep projects.
bsdsurfer	bsdsurfer is a command line least cost router (LCR) for Unix-like systems.
bsdtcl	An embedded BSD based operating system making extensive use of the Tcl scripting language. This operating system is built on FreeBSD for i386 hardware and is small, simple and easy to configure.
bse	Broadcast Signing Engine is a Java-based tool for digitally signing DTV applications as specified in the Multimedia Home Platform (MHP) specification. BSE also has certificate management features.
bse-clustering	bse-clustering is a system that is designed to avoid a single point of failure. When a Applications or service fails, it is moved over to another node.  This system was designed from the ground up and does every thing with one setup file.
bsedit	Basketball Strategy and Drill Editor in C++
bserv	BayServer is application server that can help you to construct XML-based application. You can publish your XML contents or do XML programming on this server. This server includes servlet container so you can also do Servlet programming.
bsf4rexx	Bean Scripting Framework Rexx Engine (bsf4rexx) allows Java programs to call Rexx programs, and for Rexx programs to create and manipulate Java objects. (This distribution will allow to script OpenOffice.org in a platform indpendent manner with ooRexx.)
bsfight	BSFight is a project created by friends who decided to have fun themselves developing open source 3D games. Still we are planning and choosing the tools! In briefing more new features on the BSFight and soon some release of test.
bsflite	Line-based AIM client and BSD-licensed OSCAR library.
bsfperl	BSFPerl is a Bean Scripting Framework (BSF) engine implementation that can be used to run Perl scripts from within Java, with no native code required.  Java objects can be referenced transparently from Perl, and arbitrary Perl expressions are supported.
bsframe	bsframe offers easy page and menu management, transparent browser feature test, and page scoped variables in PHP. To be implemented are a transparent cache, logging facilities, and a sourceview module.
bsframework	The BS Framework provides level J2EE components to quickly build database-oriented J2EE applications accessed by rich clients on HTTP. &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE : as of 2004 THE PROJECT IS NOW HOSTED ON ObjectWeb : http://forge.objectweb.org/projects/bsfram
bsgs	A strategy game &quot;server&quot; written in PHP for web based games.
bshade	A multimedia application that uses Microsoft Speech SDK to recognize and speak words to navigate and WIA API to recognize the user hand movements.
bsharp	B# - a .NET Bluetooth Library (written in C#)
bshclipse	This project is to make an Eclipse plugin editor that have syntax highlighting and outlining for BeanShell Script files. It provide some useful feature like instance running and degugging a script file.
bshcom	BeanShell-COM is a port of the Groovy scriptom JACOB helper classes to BeanShell.
bsheet	Bean Sheet is an interpreted Java spreadsheet. At its core is Bean Shell, an open source Java interpreter. The potential of marrying a Java interpreter with a spreadsheet allows a single document to be a powerful application in its own right.
bshop	Full ecommerce with lots of futures and the ability to add modules easily.  All programming based in php and mysql.  Our beta 0.1 version will be similar to osCommerce.  And it is just the beggening.
bshttpd	Ping webserver for use with the browserstats.org project.
bshu	BSh-U (pronounced like Bijou or bee-zhoo) adapts and extends the BeanShell scripting engine.
bsi-mak-scripts	Repository of testing scripts to be used with MAK Progesa Blood Manufacturing software and Quick Test Professional
bside	A development environment for the Parallax PBASIC language intended for the beginning hobbyist PLC programmer and educator.
bsim	BSim is a behavior-based robot simulator java applet which allows users to experience the power of programming robots using a behavior-based architecture.
bsinvoice	BSInvoice is a web based invoicing system for many types of businesses. Will keep track of past due invoices and bills that will need to be paid within a desginated time period. Also includes features for bill payment via PayPal.
bsip	The Build Status Indication Project is devoted to developing software that enables build status indication peripherals.
bsirc	bsIRC is being developed as a fully functional, safe and easy to use IRC Client for windows. It is written completly in Visual Basic and will be available in linux through the WINE Project.
bsl	BSL stands for Bohm&#039;s Scripting Language, which is a small but powerfull scripting language. It is programmed in c++ and can be used on any OS.
bsm-crms	BSM-CRMS is a customer relation management system build in PHP, it&#039;s builded to use as a local server application. There are a few options plug-ins to manage every aspect.
bsma	BSM Analyzer deciphers Solaris BSM audit trails. Features such as a Web interface, session tracking, filtering and exclusion options, automatic importing for multiple local audit trails, and automatic importing of multiple remote audit trails using FTP.
bsml	A Perl object layer for representing BSML(Bioinformatic Sequence Markup Language) documents.  The object layer can read/write BSML documents adhering to the BSML DTD v3.1.
bsmp3	This program offers the best way to find a mp3 file when you need it! Both fixed and removable drive(s) search with little intervention from the user (but also advanced functions if you want a better search). Enjoy!
bsmtp2	Simple BSmtp (Batch-Smtp) file processor with built-in MajorDomo, which can be used stand alone or as filter inside of an Smtp server (here e.g. in Weasel).
bsnc	An IBM BladeCenter Blades network/cdrom cloning sytem based on RIP(Recovery is Possible) and PXE, plus the help of management module, system administrator can clone blades remotely without going to data center.
bsneva	The Elementary Verification Application (EVA) allows access to the central number authority in order to verify credentials as part of an identity management proces involving the citizen service number (burgerservicenummer: www.burgerservicenummer.nl).
bsngui	The BSN Front End GUI allow user to run simulation of distributed inference algorithms on Body Sensor Networks.
bsnoop	Berkley Snoop protocol module for Linux. Purpose: avoid speed reduction between big fat pipe (satellite) and wireless links caused by error prone nature of wireless links.
bsocks	Blender net is a Python network infastructure for gameblender, providing developers with online multiplayer capiblilities.
bsod	Screenshots of, and scripts/programs to generate, MS Windows style Blue Screens of Death.
bsoftplayer	BSoftPlayer is a MySQL based MP3 player that handles 10,000+ audio files without trouble. It is coded in Visual Basic but uses SQLite to store the database. It supports ID3v1 and v2 tags as well as WMA files and Ogg Vorbis files.
bspam	BSpam is a perl implementation of Paul Graham&#039;s Bayesian Spam filtering system: A Plan For Spam.
bspg	BSPG is a complete Balanced Scorecard environment comparable to many similar commercial softwares for measurement-based management, running on PostgreSQL. Manages a company strategy, through objectives, measures and targets...many reports and graphics, d
bspi	This is an attempt to create a new and extremely simple programming language in which even complete novices may utilize it to create programs. The language will be kept as close to English as possible allowing for easy comprehension of the syntax.
bsplugin	A plugin for Google Desktop that lets you control BSPlayer, Winamp, and iTunes with ease. Turn up/down volume, view playlists(BSPlayer only), Hide/Show the media player, plus more! The plugin also features a customizable GUI!
bspmodule	This project aims to provide a lightweight and easy to use server-scripting CGI module. It uses Perl as the scripting language, and allows one to embed perl to html pages.
bspolyglot	Formely known as Balmsoft POlyglot - now goes publicly under LGPL license
bsponmpi	BSPonMPI is an implementation of the BSPlib standard on top of MPI. Both MPI and BSPlib are API&#039;s of communication routines meant for parallel computing, but BSPlib is easier to learn and its performance easier to predict.
bspresscenter	BlackSheep Press Center - Documentation central point to make professional and educational online publishing of newspapers and magazines.
bspro	BSPro is a complete bowling stats tracking system. Record player, game, league stats, with text reports and graphs. Built-in game scorer, or manually add scores, with pinfall diagrams. Only requires PHP4/5-capable web server, no SQL DB required.
bsse	Bitgate Server Software Environment. This is a simple server implementation that relies on Java 5 functionality. It provides transparent networking functionality, and the ability to add support for virtually any server protocol.
bssh	This will be a shell like bash, or tcsh with some additional commands to go with it.  The shell will implement the syntax and symantics of the command prompt in Windows, cmd.exe, but will be designed to be a first class shell like other UNIX shell.
bsspeak	php Chat/Help Desk that allows Company and Client to communicate through company website. No client downloads required.
bssrp	Free ERP Open Source
bstamp	A collection of tools to tokenize PBASIC source code and send it to a BASIC Stamp microcontroller.
bstray4osx	BSTray 4 OS X is a free Mac OS X Cocoa/Java application written in xcode, which provides audio and visual Dock alerts from a remote Big Sister Display server. It could also make a good starting point for any socket based java/cocoa project using xcode
bstring	An alternative to the string library for C and C++ which is more functional and does not have buffer overflow problems.
bstring-mcc	A well-known and widely used MUI custom class which provides application programmers a better string gadget. It somewhat more advanced and common features like the standard MUI string gadget which includes a better selection engine and so on.
bstutils	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
bstwriter	BstWriter is a Perl application to enable easy modification/creation of custom BibTeX .bst style files.  The program aims to allow users to create new style files without any knowledge of the BibTeX programming language.
bsulp	This utility provides the means for flexibly generating simple event logs (for auditing purposes, or the like), based on parameters supplied in an INI-style configuration file.
bsumedialibrary	media library video search
bswizard	Formerly known as Balmsoft Wizard. Now it goes to public under LGPL. This is a Delphi component for creating Wizards ( fully conforms with guidline).
bsxlog	BSXLog is an Amateur Radio Logging program written in Python for the Gtk GUI with postgresql as the backend database
bsxproject	Simple vector graphics (format &amp; protocol) for telnet based services like multi user dungeons (muds).
bsynchronized	B.Synchronized is the first Open Source Dealer Management System (DMS).
bsys93	Babya System is a free shell replacement that is Windows XP compatible and easy to use. It has many useful features-like Babya Discoverer, which has automatic popup ad blocking, and easy access to Windows Control Panel applets.
bsyslog-agent	this java project goal is to parse text log files of custom types, and send its log events to a syslog server. it use a xml based configuration file. it support user defined severity and facility levels using java regex.
bt-autoloader	bt-autoloader is a mirc script to start a BitTorrent client when you download a .torrent file within mirc
bt-localizer	Location Aware System Client / Server.
bt-p2p	Bt-p2p is another p2p file sharing network and software. Files are downloaded using bittorrent protocol but searches between all the users are posible like in gnutella network
bt-thud	Thud is a Java client designed to connect to Battletech MUXes (btech.sourceforge.net) and display combat data in a easy-to-read tactical display. It displays a tactical map, contacts list, armor status and more. Thud is great for newbies and vets alike!
bt3065	Battletech 3065 is a server codebase for a text-based multi-user online game. It is based on the Battletech universe from WizKids/Fanpro, formerly FASA. It is a modification of BTMUX, which itself is an extension of TinyMUX 1.6.
bt848x	Aims Video4Linux-compatible video capture infrastructure for Solaris. Project develops bt848x driver for Brooktree/Conexant Bt8x8 (Bt848, Bt878 and Fusion878), saa713x driver for Philips SAA7130/7133/7134/7135 cards, header files and utilities
bt878dvr	bt878 windows 2000 driver, designed to use in DVR system.
btanks	Fast 2d tank arcade game with multiplayer and split-screen modes.
btap-scho	This project aims to implement the Bulk Transport API (drafted by the Bulk Transport Working Group, Internet2) and several advanced transport protocols over the UDP-based Data Transfer Protocol (UDT).
btapi-kr	A Project Implementing the Internet2 Bulk Transport API for UDT (udt.sourcegorge.net) This project is being started as part of the Google Summer of Code 2005.
btbot	An BitTorrent indexing engine for your private anime database with multiuser capabilities and individual preferences that also tracks user downloads and more.
btcalleridx100p	Asterisk patches enabling a history buffer on the X100P and TDM400P cards. These patches are based on the originals written by Tony Hoyle to support Caller ID extraction in the UK on the X100P.
btcc	The aim of this project is to enable a Bluetooth Enabled device display journey metrics when the user is riding their bicycle.  A circuit diagram is provided for construction.  The programs for the mobile device, preferably in Java, and the Micro control
btcentral-pws	BTCentral Personal Webserver is an Open Source Project - It is a small but Powerful &amp; User Friendly Webserver and is being developed in VB6. It has all the basic features plus advanced features such as Basic PHP, ASP, SSI support &amp; WWW Authentica
btd	btd is a daemon for managing BitTorrent downloads. It allows users to run torrents on a server and administer them remotely. It has a GUI and various console tools for control.
btdevxchange	shared library of BT-related code/discussion about BT development
btdsys	Various machines (plugins) for the Jeskola Buzz music tracker, mainly involving parameter control or wave playback.
btech	The exciting and complex text-based online Battletech game as developed and actively used by Battletech 3030MUX and others.
btech-pbem	Play-by-Email game based on the BattleTech Mercenary Company ruleset.
btech1	Project B-Chat has been discontinued...
btf	BTF is a java software of management of project. It will be used to generate technical and financial assessments  since datas and informations that will be stored during the project.
btfile2007	Split and join your files, with Java-Zip compression support. It&#039;s OS Independent, written in Java. You can also compare your files and see the difference on a Graph like Windows Defrag Graph. Now in English (default) and PortugueseBR (Brazilians S.
btfilesend	It is a BT file send app based on OBEX protocol over RFComm. New features planed: (1) Send files by searching device file system, (2) Show the status of the device on the list box, (3) Real time text transfer to the other device, and more... ;)
btfree	A library for creating client-server application over Bluetooth.Upon the JSR82 it has been created a simple API for creating Bluetooth application, without direct manipulation of BTAPI and its problem. Tested with JSR82 phones and with avetanaBluetooth.
btfs	Open Sourced Bluetooth tools.
btgcms	This project was started by myself and a few friends a while ago to solve out problems with other more well know CMS&#039;s. the problem was that the others didnt have the functions we required so we started our own.
btgmms	This is a set of tools and modules that help with managing members of a club, clan etc. The program is written in Visual basic and has 4 types of release (ASCII, Encoded ASCII, Access &amp; SQL).
bthunter	BTHunter is a bit torrent file searcher, written in VC++. BTHunter is a portal to search bit torrent files, without having to surf websites.
btim	Simple chat program over Blueooth. Uses BlueCove stack.
btime	BTime synchronizes the system clocks on Linux computers that form a cluster, and ensures that all computers in the cluster have approximately the same time (usually within microseconds).
btip	In diesem Projekt werden verschiedene Webapp-Frameworks getestet
btit-tracker	Btit-Tracker is a complete php tracker system for BitTorrent, easy to setup and configure. Full remote admin management.
btk	The Biomolecule Toolkit is a library for modeling biological macromolecules such as proteins, DNA and RNA. It provides a C++ interface for common tasks in structural biology to facilitate the development of molecular modeling, design and analysis tools.
btkit-gateway	The BTKit Gateway provides access to the local ?BTKit XML Modules? over the internet and enhanced functionality.
btl	BTL is a template language that combines power of JSTL and XSLT to produce documents in XML, HTML, XHTML, XSL-FO, PDF or other formats, based on the JavaBean input.
btlchat	A port of Linux B-Chat v.013 [by Arne Sagnes (asagnes@telocity.com)] to Windows via Visual Basic, and then maybe 1 or 2 features added.   The original linux version can be found at http://sourceforge.net/projects/b-chat
btmanager	BTManager is a download manager for BitTorrent. It features both a Web interface and a GUI currently using wxPython (a FLTK-based GUI is on the way). Works under Linux and Windows, probably MacOS too.
btme	BTME is a mobile BitTorrent client software, which can be used to share, download and upload files using mobile phone using BitTorrent network and protocol. It will work on J2ME-enabled phones.
btms	C written deamon for sending public Bluetooth OBEX messages to all devices in area, using a single dongle. Uses SQLite backend that allows easy configuration and monitoring. Embedded application allows to create images using GDLib from an inserted text.
btmultiplexer	BlueTooth Remote Control - use your SonyEricsson mobile phone to control your *NIX variant systems.
btnet	A web-based bug tracker or issue tracker written using ASP.NET and C#. Requires SQL Server or SQL Server Express. Easy to install and learn how to use, but there&#039;s power if you need it. Probably has all the features you want. Nice integration with e
btnet-vs	A web-based bug tracker or issue tracker written using VS.NET and C#. Requires SQL Server or MSDE and VS.NET. This is branch of the awesome Bugtracker.NET project.
btnode	The BTnode is an autonomous wireless communication and computing platform based on a Bluetooth radio and a microcontroller. It serves as demonstration and implementation platform for research in mobile and ad hoc  (MANETs) and distributed sensor networks
btnoderfid	BTnodeRFID provides a mobile RFID reader for the ISO 15693 RFID standard with a Bluetooth interface based on existing hardware components. Software libraries to access the reader for J2SE, J2ME and Symbian platforms are included.
btonline-btech	Battletech MUX is an internet based, real-time rendition of the popular Battletech board game. Players take to the front lines in their very own mechs, tanks, and similar implements of destruction. This particular tree is a merge of Exile and 3030.
btool	btOOL is a pair of libraries (btparse in C, Text::BibTeX in Perl) that give full access to BibTeX database files.
btools	Miscellaneous Java utility classes
btooth-reader	Client for reading electronic books stored in FictionBook 2.0 format.
btower	General utility bunch for win SA.
btp	Developpement d&#039;un ensemble de modules pour construire un/des portail(s) php avec une multitudes de possibilit?s d&#039;assemblages.
btpd-front	btpd-front is a simple btpd front-end. Btpd is the acronym for BitTorrent Protocol Daemon. btpd-front is made for a complete and easy tune-up and use of BTPD and for a light use of the BitTorrent protocol
btphp	A web comic content management system written in PHP, using a MySQL database to efficiently serve even very large comic archives. Simple web-based install, customizable templates, comic display/archive/searching, news display/archive, banners.
btplusplus	Improved(download multiple files at once, config, GUI) client for the BitTorrent peer-to-peer sharing solution. This project is also the home of WebTorrent++ a BitTorrent client with a webbased user interface.
btqueue	A Console-based BitTorrent Client with built-in scheduler for handling multiple sessions. It is designed to manage sessions in queue easily without heavy-weight GUI. External module can search for new torrents in trackers and submit it automatically.
btracer	Build tracer is an application to keep track of build counts in your programming projects.  No messy macros, no #defines, just add a pre-link step to this executable and it will keep track of how many times you build your projects.
btrack	Web-based bug tracking tool.  Support multiple users, projects, components, versions and email notification.
btrax	In this project, we develop the branch instruction tracing function and its analysis tool. The main aim of this project is to implement this function without change of Linux Kernel source code by using the function of Pentium 4, without recompile.
btreconnect	btreconnect is an utility application to automatically connect one or more Bluetooth devices once they are on and accessible. Useful for Windows Bluetooth mouse and keyboard users to avoid manual reinstallation.
btreedemo	Demostration some algorithms for B-Tree data structure.
btreeindex	This is a full implementation of a B+Tree disk based system written in C,  suitable for use in most any applications that requires a BTree type index.  It is intended for use on all versions of Unix operating systems and portable to Windows OS
btremote	Control your computer using a bluetooth enabled mobile phone. Move the mouse cursor send key strokes and control the most common applications such windows media player, internet explorer, firefox
btrwiz	BTR Wizard quickly replaces multiple occurances of text over multiple files. This unique program scans folders for files matching filter critera then searches those files for any occurances of a text string and replaces them all. This is an ideal tool fo
bts	BTS (Basic Teller System) target retail banking.  The demo will build for Windows OS and support some of the legacy system database/hardware issues.
bts-css	Valid xhtml/css template for the osCommerce using the BTS (Basic Template System) contribution.
bts-oops	OOPS is Bug Tracking System that allows developers to track and control bugs in much the same way as bugzilla, however without the overhead of unnecessary features. OOPS uses a simple Swing front end with each client connecting to a MySQL database.
bts-tools	BTS is a Build Template System designed for building packages for th common packing systems in use by current distributions based on a single XML package description.
btsbits15	Code Name:BiTSPOS (Point Of Sale) - An easy to learn, complete restaurant POS system intended for Touch screen interface in fast food or sit down establishment.  Inteded to be the most complete and easiest to use system including back office.
btsearch	PHP-based Bittorrent search system, NOT a bittorrent client. Post your torrents, search for files, add comments (good, broken, fake), see leech/seed count.
btsiidomotique	Software which controls all devices in a house including : light, temperature, security... via I2C bus.
btsim	BT-Sim is a  BlueTooth simulator on a HCI level. The project alows to develop and test BT applications without using real BT hardware. It works in particular with PalmSource&#039;s Palm OS Simulator.
btslave	BTSlave is a BitTorrent client that helps you download faster.  BTSlaves split their bandwidth between the torrent, and you.  While not downloading, the BTSlave helps others download, improving the BitTorrent experience for everyone.
btsoom1	BTSOOM isn&#039;t just any old arcade fighting game.\nDespite being COMPLETLEY THEMABLE AND UNIQUE, the style of gameplay with it&#039;s fun blend of platform and fighting makes it the ideal engine for your new project.
btsuite	BTSuite is a collection of softwares that collectively act as a graphical client to BattleTech MUXs: a HUD(BTHUD), a Map Editor(LandDesign) and a Navigation tool(Mapper).
btsys	BTsys is a lightweight desktop bug tracking system, written using C# and ADO.NET for accesing to database. Easy to install and learn how to use.
btt	The Bluetail Ticket Tracker (BTT) is a system for creating, storing and keeping track of tickets.  BTT can also store customer info and mail, as well as general information structures (e.g FAQ).
bttb	Utility for grouping files and folders together in the most efficient way to fill up an entire CD (or other medium).
bttf	BTTF allows to elevate the level of abstractions at the moment of working with time in an application. Being able to model domains thinking in terms of minute, day, month year, ranks and periods of time, etc. Avoiding dirty handlings of primitive types.
btthai	Another BitTorrent tracker designed for promoting relationship in community and responsibility of sharing at the same time.
bttinfo	A Win32, C++ library to list remote Bittorrent Peer &amp; Seed IP Info by tracker URI
bttotalcontrol	An implementation of FASA&#039;s BattleTech board game for Windows and Linux, using Python, PyQt, and C++.
bttrk	b-tektracker is an advanced realtime MIDI step-sequencer with a &#039;tracker&#039; interface. this is a fork of tektracker by Billy Biggs.
bttv-v4l2	This is a substantial rewrite of the bttv driver for Linux.  It aims to support high performance video capture on Bt848/878 based video capture cards.
bttvx	BTTVX is a driver for QNX 6.1 operating system that works with BT8xx ( bt878, bt848, bt879) Conexant compatible framegrabbers. The driver is based in old versions of the popular BTTV driver for Linux system and it follows its open source and free availab
btuldifg	LDIF User Generator in Perl
btunitmanager	A unit and force-structure management tool for Battletech/Mechwarrior, based heavily on the work in the BT Merc. Sourcebk.  Unit maint. costs, battle values, wages, chain of command and other relevant information for forces.  Web and Java implementations
btutor	This computer tutorial program shows and explains structure of atoms and describes how bonds between atoms occur, as well as provides capabilities to access information about chemical elements such as atomic weight via an interactive periodic table.
btvisualftp	BTVisualFTP is a visual FTP client component which can be embedded in Borland Delphi(tm) and Kylix(tm) applications. Drag and drop upload of files and folders is supported on both operating systems. A popup menu offers file/folder commands.
btw	BTLib package is a J2ME Bluetooth library usefull when developing applications for Java, Bluetooth enabled mobile devices. The other packages are individual applications utilizing BTLib. You can download any of them and run it in your mobile device.
btwincap	Universal Video Capture driver for WinMe,Win2000,WinXP and Win98SE for Bt848/Bt878 based capture cards
btxferlib	Bluetooth OBEX File Transfer library.  Gives relatively high-level access to the OBEX File Transfer system to work with files and subdirectories on a bluetooth enabled system.
btyum	BT/Yum is a project that integrates BitTorrent transport technology and the YUM package distribution system. Our goal is to create a system that minimizes bandwidth cost and maximizes file availability. Developed in Fedora Core 3 Linux on x86.
bub-n-bros	A multi-player networked clone of the classical Bubble Bobble board game.  Throw bubbles at monsters and collect dozens of different bonuses before your co-players!
buba-pg	Ligthweight Qt replacement for the &quot;psql&quot; utility in the PostgreSQL database server package.
bubba	BUBBA is a group of utilities for the archiving and viewing of RRD data.  It is typically used to provide long-term detail data for other RRD frontends such as Cricket and NagioStat.  The graphing capabilities included percentile, formula and exclusion c
bubble-wrap	bubble_wrap is a suite of programs written in PERL.  It takes sensor data from conductive needle probes, impedance probes, or optical fiber probes and produces bubble velocity and local gas hold-up measurements.  These probes are typically used to charac
bubblebreaker	I am addicted to this simple game, BubbleBreaker. It is a J2ME game - means if your phone or handheld runs JAVA, try this simple game. There are lots of advanced features that would be added to this game in future.
bubbledisk	Bubbledisk is a CD/DVD Burner for the Gnome desktop. the goal is to provide an easy to use, stable and gnomified interface. GUI has been inspired by the famous commercial burning software Nero Burning Rom.
bubblefish	System-wide utility to recover info on given data from several sources, either on- or offline. Typical use would be the translation of selected text.\nThis is the implementation of the idea with the same name presented on My Dream App in the summer 2006.
bubbleserv	BubbleNET network utilities - IRC network utilities with support for DALnet&#039;s bahamut IRCD designed in pascal using the Free Pascal compiler.
bubblespc	This is a simple puzzle game where the player attempts to create the longest string of the same colored bubbles until there are no more bubbles left. A port of an existing Px00 game called Twin Bubbles.
bubbling	Bubbling Library is an extension of one of the most important &quot;Javascript&quot; Library at the present time (YUI - User Interface Library), and it focused in the creation of dynamic behaviors over the base of the YUI Custom Object component...
bubbug	Bubbug is a Java J2EE issue tracking system designed to support multiple projects. Features are detailed histories, issue searching, statistics, customizable project field values and email notifications. Soon based on Java Spring, Hibernate and Struts.
bubica	Easy to use ERP program for small companies.
bubla	Extremely fast and easy to use PHP/HTML templater. supports templates signing and suitable for closed-source zend-encoded products.
bubol	BuBOL - Bulletin Board Object Library - is a framework of PHP classes to simplify and speed up development of custom web-based forum/bulletin board software, and also make it easier to integrate forums with 3rd party CMS applications.
buc	Bangla Unicode Converter: This converter will help people to convert their bangla bijoy Ascii text to Unicode. This is totally free. People can get help from it to develop their bangla web page. Here is the location http://www.thpbd.org/bangla
buccaneerquest	Juego de tablero con diferentes pruebas para windows XP. Permite hasta 4 jugadores simultaneos con teclado o mandos. Controla a tu pirata y consigue el tesoro!
bucd	A console daemon for unix/linux systems (under gcc). It support: network, plugins, hostsblock, accesslevels for users a.s.o.
bucket	The Bucket Project is a project to make a better MUD base, without going so far as being a database/language such as LP/MOO.
buckeyesp	Buckeye is an apache/postgres/python based account management system for service and subscription providers.  Service provisioning, accounting, billing and reporting functions are included.
buckserver	&quot;BuckServer&quot; will be the server part of a comptuterized version of the multiplayer, Risk-like &quot;Buck Rogers&quot; board game.
bucky	First full implementation of the chess variant Bucky, a game of dudes, chameleons and shamans. The game has logical and emergent rules, suitable for object orientation.
bucos	Web Based System for managing Inventory, Sales, Purchasing and related Business Tasks.
bud-project	Bud is an updater tool. It compares its environment with a remote repository in order to propose available updates and achieve those chosen by the user. As it is written in JAVA, Bud is platform independent.
budabot	Budabot is an Chat Automation for the MMORPG Anarchy Online. It is written in PHP5 and needs MySQL or SQLite for datastoring.
budani	Budani is a modulair website system and API written in PHP. It&#039;s meant to be completly modulair and easily customizable by developers and users alike. The Budani project is trying to integrate publically available GPL code into it&#039;s design.
buddha	A minimalist command-line renderer for &quot;buddhabrot&quot; -- an interesting mandelbrot visualization.
buddhagen	This generator can generates buddhabrot fractal, mandelbrot fractals and inverse bb fractals, as per Melinda Green&#039;s method. It&#039;s reasonably fast, and has a few options. The name buddhabrot stems from a remarkable resemblance to sitting Buddh
buddhasoft	BuddhaSoft is a team of people working on making C++ games for people using the Linux, Windows, and Mac operating systems. Written using SDL to achive maximum flexiblity, we hope these arcade clones will promote open source and cross-platform programming
buddhatoil	This is a linux/Unix clone of the several products from Novell.  It will emulate eDirectory, NetWare, ZENWorks, etc. in a Unix environment.
buddhism	To develop Buddhism related open source applications on various platforms and provide information or references on Buddhism Topic in the way Buddha taught.
buddi	Buddi is a simple budgeting program targeted for users with little or no financial background.  It allows users to set up accounts and categories, record transactions, check spending habits, etc.
buddy-link	A Web Application that was built to run on servers that support PHP. This application will allow you to log in to XLink and check which of your buddies online as well as add and delete users from your buddy list straight from your website.
buddyblock	This Gaim plugin allows you to block and unblock each buddy and \nalso entire groups of buddyes directly from a context menu.
buddyfs	BuddyFS is a peer to peer distributed file system that allows users to determine specific usage or rights on files and directories which they own. Goals for the system include high availability of files,  low latency, and scalability.
buddyp2p	BuddyP2P is a p2p software to communicate and share files with trusted buddies. Furthermore it affords encrypted communication and sharing.
buddyretriever	Man&#039;s best friend may fetch your paper every morning, but Buddy will fetch a dozen newspapers, clip out summaries of the top stories, stock quotes, sports scores, weather data and comics you want and paste them together into an uber-newspaper.
buddyspace	BuddySpace is an enhanced Jabber client providing secure presence management, web services and instant messaging. It extends the &#039;buddy list&#039; concept with enhanced and customisable visualisation of presence (incl. maps, logical layouts).
buddytools	A set of Gaim plugins which allow the user to set a spell-check language, free-form notes, and/or a timezone a per-person basis.
budget	Budget is a simple personnal finance management software for Mac OS X. It features multiple accounts, scheduled transactions, charts for categories and account history.
budget-forecast	This software will help you to simply manage your budget and to forecast your expenses by using trends. No decimal point, use of percentages and graphics. It also include a TO BUY list, a reminder (scheduler). In English and French
budgetbox	BudgetBox is just that, a place to balance your checkbook and plan your budget. It is in the early phases of development and is written in the newly released QT4.0.
budgetmagic	A PHP/AJAX based personal finance and budget program for keeping close track of where your money is going.
budgetmaster	Budget Master has been renamed to Budget Ace and has moved to http://www.walltechsoftware.com Please visit this site for further information
budgetmaxx	BudgetMaxx is a php script using mysql, which offers an easy and unique way to do home budgeting.  It can be placed on a central server or online and used by several users at once.
budgetme	BudgetMe is intended as a low cost, web based substitute for products like Microsoft Money and Intuit Quicken
budgetmonster	BudgetMonster is a personal finance program designed to do one thing and do it well:  Categorize your transactions and keep track of where your money is going.
budgettracker	Budget Tracker will help you track your budget categories, budget plan for each month and actual expenses. Budget Tracker provides quick chart reports that graphically display the budget and expense trends. More complex reports are also available.
budgie	Project Budgie aims to produce a collection of text templating engines for the Parrot VM, including one that is compatible to the popular HTML::Template Perl module.
budgtmaintainer	BudgetMaintainer is a simple accounting project that was created during a Software Engineering class at the University of Wisconsin - La Crosse.  It is currently being used by the Computer Science department.
budiik	Budiik is a simple, but powerful PIM system intended for single users and small groups from Home &amp; Office area. Besides the essential calendar, todos, contacts, notes and alerts, Budiik also provides data sharing and synchronization within user group
bueasy	Backup Easy is a software for automatic backup of folders and files at chosen day and time. It is written in Java for cross-platform portability. A graphical interface provides clear, easy control. Remote backup to FTP/FTPS server is supported.
buecherboerse	Buecherboerse will provide the possibility to sell used books for university courses. The target group are students who want to buy cheap books from fellow students.
bueroadmin	BueroAdmin ist eine Applikation die Ihnen das Arbeiten im Büro leichter machen soll. Verwalten von Kontakten, Terminen, Emails, Ihrem Online Shop und vielem mehr. Die integrierte Warenwirtschaft hilft Ihnen beim Abwickeln Ihrer Geschäfte.
buffalo	Buffalo is a lightweight J*EE AJAX framework using based on burlap protocal. It is simple, easy to use yet powerful. It solves most the common problems during j2ee ajax development. It promise bringing benifits for both developers and the end users.
buffersynth2	A VST plugin designed to allow manipulation of two buffers in a number of ways.  Could be considered as a cross between a simplistic wavetable synthesizer and GRM Tools&#039; Freeze plugin.
buflib	This is basically something like a memory management library to get rid of all those mallocs, callocs, reallocs and frees ...... no need to do any memory allocation and free.. the library itself frees if memory had been previously allocated to it ... and
bufr-info	A decoder for reading WMO&#039;s Bufr-format files of meteorological reports. It displays the expanded descriptors and their corresponding values, in a nice human readable form You can download the source code from http://bufr-info.sourceforge.net
bug-a-boo	A database driven, easy to use bug and issue tracking system with support for multiple users, user groups and projects. Themes, i18n, watchlists, internal messaging between developers and fully customization make it round.
bug-taglet	a taglet for Javadoc documentation which add link to bugs on a bug tracker
bug-tracker	A Bug tracker that will serve for helping in the software developping process including conception, building, tests and transitions. Tasks distribution between the developers and roadmaps creation.
bug4j	Bug4j is a Struts based bug and task tracking web application.
bugaboo	Bugtracker is a Microsoft .NET client application that enables team members or individual developers to perform bugtracking over networks and locally at their workstations. Bugtracker will allow developers to track bugs in their software modules.
bugbag	Issue tracker that is fully web-based and is written with PHP and MySQL. It goes hand in hand with the proces of a bug&#039;s life and people can delegate issue to each other.
bugbots	BugBots is a sort of a game. The best way to describe it is that it&#039;s a framework for testing Artificial Intelligences. We have implemented a linux and windows game which can be downloaded and run, to watch the artificial bugbots act in their enviro
bugbrother	Video monitoring tool for insect analysis
bugbye	BugBye is a BugTracking system allowing you to definitely clear out all paper documentation. Project, issue, help-desk request and statistics management are the key feature of this project.
bugcli	Command Line BugZilla client.
bugeater	BugEater - Eats all the defects in the Java Source Code and intelligently converted into a prefect source code
bugeye	BugEye is an XML-based unit test creation framework. Being XML-based, it can be easily translated to almost any language. The current translations are C#, Java, JavaScript, and Visual Basic. Future translations include C++, Python, Perl, and PHP.
bugfinder	StEAM, (State Exploring Assembly Model Checker) is a model checker for native concurrent C++ programs. It extends a virtual machine - called ICVM - to perform model checking directly on the assembly level.
bugflow	This project tries to design and implement a flexible, system independent bug tracking system with highly customizable workflow, operating on a(ny) database. Programming language is Java. Programming model is Java Servlet.
bugfree	BugFree - a lightweight and simple web-based bug tracking system, which learning Microsoft software development idea, free and open source (under the terms of  GNU GPL)
bugga	Bugga is a lightweight Java Bug Tracking application written in Grails.
buggbear	This Web-based Error-reporting Database Requiers Apache+MySql+PHP installd the interface makes it easyer to report a errors ore bugs to the Administrating people how shuld handle it, And to easy up for the administrator to make clear howe is athorized
bugged	Bugged is a game to be created about bugs (from ants to flys) trying to take over the world and the humans attempt to stop them.  The program will utilize C++ and the Allegro Game Programming Library.  Initially available only for Windows.
buggymaniac	Cross-platform physics-puzzle-based racing game.
buggyware	Buggyware is a user-friendly, peer 2 peer collaboration software and hardware solution that bonds computer systems and communication devices seamlessly, therefore changing the way people collaborate fundamentally.
bughunt	BugHunt Project&#039;s aim is to be a simple yet useful and easily extensible bug tracking system. Its architecture will provide a basic set of functionalities along with a concise framework for extending its capabilities.
bughunter	BugHunter is a Windows crash handler library. It allows you to catch fatal exceptions like access violations, stack overflows, integer division by zero, etc. presents in your program.
bugi-dev	Configuration Management - Teams / projects / Tasks Management and Bug tracking system
bugin	BugIn&#039; is a lightweight PHP4/ADODB (MySQL and PostgreSQL tested) bug/ticket/issue tracking system.
bugit	An Ajax enabled web applicatin that is essentially a bug tracking tool that allows developers to search, list and edit bugs for Bug Management.
bugjar	The software is a bug tracker Eclipse plugin.  It was initially developed by 3 North Carolina State University students as a Software Engineering project.
bugkiller	BugKiller, is a web-based bug tracking system under license GPL, It can help you manage bugs efficiently and improve your development.
bugle	BuGLe combines a graphical OpenGL debugger with a selection of filters on the OpenGL command stream. The debugger allows viewing of state, textures, framebuffers and shaders, while the filters allow for logging, error checking, video capture and more.
buglist	BugList is a bug/feature tracking system focusing on being easy to set up and use.
buglogv2	A bug logging and tracking solution with file attachments and history of comments
bugnet	A web based bug / issue tracking application programmed in C# and asp.net. The main goals are to keep the codebase simple, well documented, easy to deploy and scalable. Major features to include: Generic DAL / XHTML and CSS layout
bugonline	BugOnline is a Web-base bug tracker system; It is easy for install and use. BugOnline base on ASP.NET 2.0 ,SqlServer 2005(include Express version),Ajax etc. BugOnline???????????Bug????,??ASP.NET2.0,SqlServer2005???
bugrdspace	A Space shooter with rpg elements created by Bath University Game Research and Development.
bugreport	A suite of source and binary programs to test the capabilities of code analysis tools. A reference implementation of x86 binary analysis in C# is also included.
bugs-bug-genie	A web-based bug tracker ( bug tracking tool ), designed with ease of use as it&#039;s foremost goal, but also features a high level of flexibility for developers and administrators. BUGS requires PHP4 (or later) and MySQL.
bugs-r	BUGS-R provides R packages (http://www.r-project.org) for interface to WinBUGS and OpenBUGS programs.
bugsappender	BugReport appender is a Log4j appender that logs logging events from individual threads of execution into compact bug reports containing logging events related to a specific issue. This can write reports to files or directly into bug tracking systems.
bugsbuddy	A simple Bugtracker writting in PHP with the use of AJAX. It also supports browsers without javascript.
bugsbuggy	Karting game in java
bugscam	A bunch of IDC scripts for IDA to look for common programming flaws
bugsim	BugSim is a simulation environment for exploring animal movement in a spatially explicit environment, incorporating interaction with information available in the environment.
bugslife	Bugs life is a defect management system. It is a tool designed to assist you in your development processes by managing defect through their life cycle. It is designed to be among the best in breed for defect management systems.
bugsminusminus	Bugs-- is a project designed to keep track of bugs for small user groups on smaller projects.  Bugs-- avoids the complexity and size of more complex bug tracking systems and streamlines it to the needs of smaller development projects.
bugsonline	Very simple and powerful ASP/Access based bug tracking system for use with a Microsoft IIS webserver. This system includes multiple project capabilities and graphical reporting. Very easy to set up, configure, and use.
bugsquash	BugSquash is a bug tracking system that offers user management, status reports on individual repots, and much more! Written in PHP with MySQL storage and JavaScript to make things look nice, it is designed to be platform independant.
bugster	Bugster is a P2P application to share MP3z/OGGz over a shared network.
bugstomper	Bugstomper is a Bugs database similar to Bugzilla but more focused towards hardware instead of software. It has multiple users access levels, groups, SQL Database backend, bug tracking and e-mail reporting as well as many other features.
bugstorm	bugStorm is bug tracking and trouble ticket management system.  It can be an internal application, or internal and external so that clients/customers/users can add trouble tickets/bugs and view closed/completed tickets/bugs as a type of FAQ.
bugstracker	Bug Tracker. ?????? ?????? ?? ?????????.
bugstudio	A bug logging and tracking solution with file attachments and history of comments
bugtool	Software Testing Management Tool
bugtrack	This is a some kind of bug logging with web interface.
bugtracker	The Bugtracker is a complete bug/issue management system, built around MySQL utilizing Java Servlets for a web based front end.  This will soon grow into a complete project development architecture encapsulating project management, issue tracking, QA, et
bugtracker-two	This is a branch of the famous Bugtracker.NET. All the functionality plus better use of ASP.NET infrastructure, html, css, AJAX and localization. All in a VS.NET 2003 solution.
bugtracker-vs	This is Visual Studio 2005 version of BugTracker.NET of Corey Trager as requested by many members.  So here it is.  This is still not 100% complete but anyone can complete it.  Runsetup.sql in SQLServer and follow instructions of original BugTracker.NET.
bugtrackerpro	BugTracker Pro is a complete bug/issue tracking and management software. It allows users to post regarding bugs/issues they have found, and then displays them in an easily accesible web based system for you/your team to resolve.
bugtracking	Alternative to bugzilla and scarab allowing a customer user interface along with an internal customer support interface and development control. Allowing an application to encompass support requests from development items.
bugtracks	BugTracks is a web based bug tracking system written in asp.net and c# and (currently) uses an Microsoft Access database. It will run on any server that will run .net applications.
bugunit	BugUnit extends JUnit with the concept of a &#039;bug&#039; and provides various useful utilities when dealing with a large number of long running tests.
bugwars	a turn based multiplayer strategy Game
bugwatcher	Bugwatcher is a bug and feature tracking system for developers.  Allows users to track by severity, length of time and a host of other features.  Also generates team and program statistics.
bugwerk	An adaptable, platform-agnostic application incident reporting infrastructure ranging from logging libs and webservice-based reporting to a J2EE logging server to a pluggable connection to issuemanagers.
bugwork	A program for tracking bugs.  You can maintain source trees with different bugfixes, interact with Bugzilla and source control software, and make diffs as you go along, and generate and request code reviews.
bugxing	Bug tracking software so simple that nobody could possibly write a book about it.
bugzilla-ar	Arabic Template for Bugzilla
bugzilla-be	Belarusian localization of Bugzilla. Bugzilla is a Defect Tracking System (see http://www.bugzilla.org/). This project provides localized templates needed to build a Belarusian interface for Bugzilla.
bugzilla-br	The brazilian portuguese package of the Bugzilla templates (current version: 2.18rc2). Recomendamos que você baixe os arquivos através do CVS - assim, você poderá atualizar os templates com mais facilidade a cada nova revisão de seus conteúdos.
bugzilla-ca	Catalan Template for Bugzilla. Bugzilla is a bugtracking system by Mozilla.org. This project contains the files needed for a Catalan interface for it. -- Traducci? al catal? del  Bugzilla. El Bugzilla ?s un sistema de seguiment de bugs de Mozilla.org
bugzilla-clipse	A Bugzilla client for Eclipse IDE.
bugzilla-cn	Chinese language pack for Bugzilla,it is bugzilla&#039;s template tarball,all english titles in the dir was translated to Chinese.
bugzilla-cz	Bugzilla Czech localization.
bugzilla-de	German Template for Bugzilla. Bugzilla is a bugtracking system by Mozilla.org. This project contains the files needed for a German interface for it. -- Deutsche Templates f?r Bugzilla. Bugzilla ist ein System zur Verwaltung von Fehlerberichten, erstellt
bugzilla-es	Bugzilla spanish localization
bugzilla-fr	This is the french translation of the bug tracking system Bugzilla. Il s&#039;agit ici de la traduction du logiciel Bugzilla en français
bugzilla-hu	Hungarian template package for Bugzilla 2.18rc2 -- magyar ford?t?s a Bugzill?hoz 2.18rc2-h?z
bugzilla-it	Italian language pack for Bugzilla
bugzilla-italia	Bugzilla italian translation project - Progetto di traduzione di Bugzilla in italiano
bugzilla-kr	Korean Template for Bugzilla. Bugzilla is a bugtracking system by Mozilla.org. This project contains the files needed for a Korean interface for it. This project also contains localized Bugzilla tarballs for the Korean developer.
bugzilla-nl	Dutch localization of the Bugzilla Bug system
bugzilla-pl	Polish Template for Bugzilla. Bugzilla is a bugtracking system by Mozilla.org. This project contains the files needed for a Polish interface for it.
bugzilla-ru	Russian localization for Bugzilla bug tracking system.
bugzilla-rus	Russification package for Bugzilla
bugzilla-tw	Bugzilla in Chinese (TW)
bugzillanet	Visual Studio.NET add-in for integration with Bugzilla.
bugzillaplus	BugzillaX - a fork of the Bugzilla project with the purpose of delivering superior code regarding stability and feature-set compared to traditional Bugzilla releases.
bugzillax	BugzillaX is a Bugzilla GUI for Mac OSX to help developers and users more fully use Bugzilla and use it more efficently and quickly.  It sends and views bugzilla bugs from already existing Bugzilla sites.
bugzone	BugZone an Open-source bug tracking software
bugzproxy	An object oriented C# assembly/library to access a Bugzilla 3.0 (or newer) installation, using xml-rpc.
build	build is a cross-platform build tool designed to facilitate easy and efficient compilation and testing of large software projects.
build-o-matic	build-o-matic is a simple continuous integration server which is easy to configure and customize.
buildaudit	Build Audit permit to generate audit reports from software builds including a lot of useful information like the version of the compiled files. Reports are stored in a file for future extraction to XML, HTML or customised reports.
buildaworld	We aim to provide a base universe which you could use to build your world, with your own rules, art and content.
buildcompiler	Build Compiler is a project intented to help anyone that needs to know more about compiling issues. It shows how you can build a lexical, syntatic and semantic analyzers, code generation and a very simple stack based virtual machine.
builder	bUIlder is a User Interface builder targeting developers. Using it makes easier to create and maintain asp.net and winforms applications, and makes easier to have data driven applications.
builderindyex	BigBible of Indy is a project to compile all Indy (www.indyproject.org), FTP, TCP/IP, SMTP, IRC, HTTP, UDP, POP, etc (CLIENT and SERVER) for C++ Builder 6 from Borland. edward.z.f.m@gmail.com
buildfiledesign	BuildFileDesigner project provide a plug-in for eclipse.it provides a GUI to create/maintain buildfile for ant,and it also provides a source view that you can modify the buildfile by hand
buildformfromsq	A simple form builder, builds form fields from a given sql query, creates insert/update script (php) and javascript checks. Creates complete form that is usable for home brewn backend php admin parts, very usefull, just create the db tables and 2 clicks 
buildinstaller	The Build Installer provides a lightweight GUI installer application to go over an existing configure/make/install source package.  Its purpose is to make installing software from source easier and faster for end users, particularly non-developers.
builditis	builditis is a simple build system for c/c++ programs and libraries. For those who would rather just code and not worry about keeping up Makefiles and such.
buildmagic	Hrm... people are actually using this... might move back here.  Stay tuned. Moved to JBoss project. BuildMagic is a set of Ant tasks which make it easier to manage a development project between many developers. It sports extra support which the Ant folks
buildmonkey	Use Java define and execute build and deployment scripts.
buildmultiboot	Platform - independent implementation of Bart&#039;s Cdrpack (http://www.nu2.nu) to simplify building of MultibootCD using Boot Scriptor and others. BuildMultiboot is entirely written in Java using Swing and only needs cdrecord/mkisofs and a bourne shell
buildmyapplicat	BuildMyApplication is an application building framework that can generate n-tier applications from language neutral specifications through an interactive environment using visual techniques of requirement capture through patterns and instant preview.
buildnumber	BuildNumber is a utility to add auto-incrementing build numbers to C/C++ projects. It is written in pure C for maximum portability but can also be used with C++ projects, and should compile on any platform. It is a simple solution and is simple to use.
buildog	A system for tracking the steps to compile and install software. Inspired by the &quot;Linux From Scratch&quot; book. Addresses issues: &quot;What steps did I use to compile &#039;foo&#039;?, what files did it install? I need to recompile but don&#039;t 
buildparse	Generate a parser at runtime from a collection of C++ objects. Concisely state a parser specification in ordinary C++ code.  Learn from a parser generator with an object-oriented design.
buildslackbuild	buildslackbuild is a bash shell script generator written in python to partially automate the process of building SlackBuild shell scripts for Slackware. The goal is to build a fully automatic system to relieve the sysadmin of this task.
buildsys	BuildSys exists to help multi-platform projects keep all their various build files in sync. It uses a single &#039;.build&#039; file to generate autoconf/automake .ac/.am files, visual studio 6 .dsp/.dsw files, vs.net .vcproj/.sln files, Dev-C++ .dev fil
buildsystem	This project will exist for the creation of a general buildsystem.. for building sources and prerequisite sources, primarily for crosscompilation onto handhelds.
buildtemplate	Unzip buildtemplate and you will have a project set up with ant/junit/verifydesign/code coverage all out of the box.  It is a great way to get started and then add to the build.xml as you go.  netbuildtemplate is for .net and has nant/nunit/NCover, etc.
buildtool	Buildtool is a shell-based build infrastructure.  It provides a framework to create automatic configuration scripts and simple but powerful build rules.  Other functionality includes building of shared libraries and pkgflags files (similar to pkgconfig).
buildutils	Utility classes to build in a Continuous Integration environment
buildzilla	Software Configuration Management tool for build execution, archival, deployment and installation within a multi-server enterprise environment.  Key features are ease of integration into an existing project and a balance between security and convenience.
bukalemun	Delphi image processing project.We are developing a program like Adobe Photoshop .All developers writes own DLL files to make a photoshop filter. Delphi ile photoshop benzeri uygulama geli?tiriyoruz.Her uygulama geli?tiricisi Delphi&#039;de kendi resim i
buker	buker is a bugs tracking system based on python&#039;s django framework.this system focus on simpleness and availability
bukmark	This is a simple and easy-to-use web-site written in PHP + MySql for quick access to bookmarks, organized in categories
bulebu	The goal is to create a P2P based project destinated to &quot;interchange intelligence&quot;. Create a system where you can learn what you want. Online bigger library ...
bulkdumpr	A Java Sound based application to do bulk transfers of audio files (WAV, AIFF, AU) via the MIDI SDS Sample Dump Standard.
bulkmailer	A new free, GUI-based, user-friendly, fast, robust, multi-platform, Java bulk mailer program for sending mass e-mails one by one.
bulkren	Tool to rename a lot of files following a pattern.
bulldog	Bulldog is a WFMC compliant Open Source, Apache style licensed workflow solution that runs in a J2EE container.
bullet	Bullet is a state-of-the-art 3D Collision Detection and Rigid Body Dynamics Library for games. ZLib license, free for commercial use, including Playstation 3. Supports COLLADA Physics. Visit forum at http://bulletphysics.com for support and feedback
bulletin	A simple application for retrieving information, processing that information with regular expressions and output the result in a graphical user interface.
bulletproof	This program allows you to establish cryptographically secure and decentraliced conversations over untrusted telecommunication links and IRC networks.
bullettrack	A no-nonsense futuristic 3D racing game that tries to be very, very fast. Bullet-like vehicles can reach insane speeds and make jumps or collide with each other. Tracks are multi-layered so if you fall off one it&#039;s possible to land on another path.
bulletwiki	Wiki with an algorithm for fast displays
bulmershe	This project aims to develop an intranet portal / managment system specifically for the school environment.
bulwinkle	Vector Tangent is dedicated to bringing the game programming community innovative, fun, open source game software and knowledge so as to benefit the novice game programming community (we focus mainly on 2D games).
bum	Bandwidth and User Management System for Proxy server based on using IPTables, MySQL and fair-queueing.
bumbaak	This is mongolian first open source CMS. Bumbaak CMS&#039;s main goals are: - SEO compatible - Multilanguage support - Very simple and modular - W3C validated
bumblebeeman	Equipment/instrumentation booking and usage accounting system. Designed primarily for use in academic laboratories where a number of users share a set of instruments (e.g. NMR machines, microscopes, fume hoods).
bumcyk	Small midi drum sequencer for Windows with MIDI file export
bump	Bump is a content management framework designed primarily for blogging. Bump is not designed for those who want to get a blog up and running in a short time, but rather those who might want to change the way a certain feature works, or add their own. Bum
bumper	&quot;Content-neutral&quot; spam filtering system
bumpslide	The Bumpslide Library is a collection of Actionscript 2.0 classes useful in the development of Flash applications including a service loading framework, a state management system, and various utilities. Latest code is in Subversion.
buncis	Bina Nusantara Computer Club Information System.
bundles	A large collection of OSGi bundles based on new work or packing existing open source projects into the bundle format. All bundles are packed in a consistent way with source code and build instructions.
bunny	The Bunny is an anti-spam system that strives to find the best balance between effectiveness and the amount of effort required to maintain a running system. It aims to provide an ultra light-weight solution for the typical home user.
bunnycounter	Highly configurable website statistics package, useful for counting custom actions performed on your website. Can be used as an additional to any regular website statistics software/service. Allows to gather statistics for more than one project.
bunnygame	Bunny game engine is a simple game engine which will enable its user to make story-telling-game and others alike using easy to use external Tcl Scripts, it is developed in c++ and using SDL, OpenGL, smpeg, and tcl libraries.
bunnyproxy	Bunny Proxy is a lite web proxy for across filtering.
bunnyx	A Java based Proxy which dynamically converts HTML from existing web applications to provide XML data and XML-RPC services without having to modify the web applications. One format implements an algorithm called the RMA discussed in a graduate thesis.
bunnyz2007	bunny rabbits bunnyz 2007 rabbit simulator for windows using powerpoint
bunyip	The Bunyip project is an open source, cross-platform, extensible system which is being designed to assist small to medium sized Australian enterprises with thier accounting/bookkeeping requirements.
buola	Multi-platform GUI toolkit and desktop environment, with some accompanying software (so far a network visualization tool an a CD-burning application)
buorcrass	BuorCrass is a generic strategy game. The objective is to model the domain of strategy games, using object oriented tools.
buoy	Buoy is a library for creating user interfaces in Java programs.  It is built on top of Swing, but provides completely new classes to represent UI components.  Its advantages include a simpler API, a more powerful event handling mechanism, and much more.
buoy-data	Buoy_Data is a PHP class used for retrieving real-time data from NOAA&#039;s National Buoy Data Center about a selected buoy.
buoy2mysql	This PERL decoder get WMO BUOY data from UNIDATA´s LDM and populates a MySQL database.
burakgantt	BURAK_Gantt is a gantt chart class written in PHP. The code supports both PHP4 and PHP5 and requires the GD library to output charts in JPG format.
buraphakit	The Burapha Compiler Kit contains a compiler, an assembler, a GUI byte-code VM interpreter all written in tcl/tk, and documentation on their design and implementation. Alternative version of the assembler and compiler written in Java are available.
burbank	Generation of audio by selective breeding.
burdigala	Advanced Java J2EE Web Portal and Content Management System.
bureauofsched	Eng: Creation of  the professional software - the software package \\&quot; the Bureau of schedules \\&quot;, the software representing set for convenient, fast creation of schedules of university employment.
burgerweeshuis	Het Burgerweeshuis is een poppodium in Deventer. Dit project omvat het content management- en het reserveringen systeem van de publieke website. Het reserveringen systeem kan worden gebruikt door meerdere podea.
burgner	Burgner is a cd-writing and iso images making application, totally rewritten from scratch using glib and gobject.
burn	Burn is a small and compact 32x32 256 color image (sprite) editor for Dos (or POSIX, using Dosbox or Dosemu). It currently contains several gfx-effects than can be applied to images, animation features and a tiny scripting language (amongst others).
burn-baby	Burn Baby!! is a LAN application, which gives you the ability to burn your own collections of photos. Photos are in a directory on the server and users can browse them, manipulate on a single photo or whole directories of their compilation...
burn-cd	This is a handy console-based frontend for the cdrtools/cdrkit and the dvd+rw-tools for easy burning of the single &amp; multi session CD/DVD disks.
burn-osx	Burn is an application to burn most common disks: data disks, audio disks (mp3, audio cd), video disks (VCD, SVCD, DVD-Video, DivX), images and disk copy. Burn makes it easy for everyone to burn.
burnbabyburn	A Linux platform game loosly related to the current Microsoft Antitrust Court Case.  After the appeals court dismisses the claims, you take a trip to Redmond with a cigarette lighter and a fuse - your mission - to burn the fsck out the place and destroy 
burnbots	Do you have a CD or DVD Robot Duplicator and a media printer? BurnBots allows the control of common duplicators from Primera, Cedar, and others. These are capatible drivers for plug-in to Nero. A licensed version of Nero is required for these to work.
burncd	A user friendly CD Burning Software that works on Linux Platform.It is being developed to get more contributions for the Open Source Development from the desktop users.
burncdda	burnCDDA is a console frontend to cdrdao, cdrecord, mpg123, oggdec, flac and normalize. It can be used to create audio CDs from an M3U playlist. It supports MP3, OGG Vorbis, Musepack, FLAC, and WAV files, and it might be the easiest way to copy an audio
burnd	This project is to create a system for secure remote administration of a unix server from a variety of different operating systems (eg unix and windows).
burnedout	Burned Out is a MMOG settled in a parallel world with a ?bad result? of the cuba crisis in 1962. Only a few people survived in bunkers and try to survive by trading, fighting, developing new technologies.
burner	A delphi component to add to your application the function of burning cd / dvd without any other dll or software
burninghell	BurningHell is a frontend for cdrtools to burn CDs on Win32/Linux/OSX. It is written in Python and uses WxWindows.
burningriver	BurningRiver is a Java-based MMORPG with exciting capabilities, including server-side character saving (load your character from anywhere) and multiple servers working together as regions of a shared world.
burningstation	A cool system for network-distributed CD/DVD burning; useful when you have lots of computers with many drives and need to deliver different CD/DVD images quickly.
burningwater	BurningWater is the only High Speed Boat Racer seen on PC. Modify and power up your own boat pool with striking weapons and gadgets. Play different race modes via lan or onlie.
burnneighbours	Burn your Neighbour is an administration site for this card game whihc uses EJB 3.0 and JSF(with AJAX) capabilities.\nIt is aimed to provide a sample of how to use these Java based technologies.
burnout	BurnOut is a .Net program to scan CDs and DVDs in order to find which copy protection is used.
burnplaylist	A simple commandline python program to produce Audio CD\\&#039;s from playlists (i.e. XMMS, WinAmp); decompressing/burning them with the _greatest_ efficiency possible. Depends on mpg123, ogg123 &amp; cdrdao for the backend.
burnstation	burnstation is a free media distribution system. It is aimed to be set up at public spaces where everybody is welcome to select and burn self-made compilations to take away for free.
burp3d	BURP aims to develop a publicly distributed system for rendering 3D animations over the Internet using CPU idle time.
burro	Frontend to the mldonkey core written in C# and gtk# (win32, linux, OS X)
burrokeet	This project aims to develop a standards based Learning Content Editing environment coupled with a content publishing system based on the Eclipse framework.
burrow	Creates a persistent and resilient TCP/IP tunnel between two hosts over which arbitrary TCP services can be routed.
burrtools	A library and attatched gui and console application to solve and design rectangular (for the time being), interlocking, burr-type puzzles.
burst	burst! is port of BitTorrent&#039;s console btdownloadheadless.py to Win32, with a GUI front-end.  MakeTorrent is a Win32 solution for easily creating .torrent files with features such as multi-tracker .torrents and a custom tracker list.
burst-plus	Flash! Torrent is a BitTorrent client that includes a small web browser for navigate in the webs about BitTorrent, an own tracker, etc. You can configure upload speed, know the number of seeds and peers of a torrent, multilanguage and much more...
burst-services	Web services for the BuRST format
bus	A Java based library for allowing asynchronous communication within Java applications. Its essentially an open source component messaging library inspired by The InfoBus from Lotus that was deprecated by Sun in 1999.
busca	Busca is a card game written in java. It&#039;s based on a popular italian card game similar to hearts!! You may play against artificial intelligence or against your friends with net play.
buscarom	buscaROM is a Java-based search interface for read only memory devices like CD or DVD. It is used as a Java applet, reads information from an index file and returns the URLs to the pages containing the search terms. Check out the sources using CVS.
buscayasminas	Buscayasminas is an open source &quot;Minesweeper&quot; alike game totally written in DHTML (JavaScript, CSS and HTML) that uses mouse and keyboard optionally. This cross-platform and cross-browser game was tested under BeOS, Linux, *BSD, Windows and oth
buscomm	Chat for Business Communication. Independent from platform, provides personal Internet channel for business information.
busdriver	busDriver is a Java Servlet based framework that can be used together with spring and hibernate to allow for flexible page design working together with solid application server frameworks. Its edge over current MVCs is it&#039;s performance and flexibili
bush	BUSH (Business Shell) combines the capabilities of BASH, PHP, GCC, and PostgreSQL into a uniform design for rapidly designing secure, reliable Web templates.   It can also replace BASH, has SQL support, and is a general purpose scripting language.
bushfire	This is a university software project initiated from the intelligent systems group at our university (http://www.cs.uu.nl/groups/IS/). The aim of the project is to build a forest fire simulation environment in which multiple (ground and air) agents can b
bushwhacked	Bushwacked is currently in the late planning stages. Bushwacked is a cross-platform (Windows, Linux, Mac OS) adventure game in the style of games like Space Quest.
business	A MultiPlayer Business Simulation game. It is like Capatalism II but will be highly authentic simulation. It will also feature SimCity 4 like city building. You Can play as a Businessman, Mayor, Bank, or Cosultant or just anyone in the bussiness world.
business-arena	ERP and CRM based on JBOSS,Tomcat,JSP and Swing Client for SME
business-cart	A fully object-oriented Perl module that implements a shopping cart, and additionally provides inheritable classes that represent its content.
business-chain	Jump into the skin of a company CEO or city major and make your company sweep away competition or make your city expand! Business Chain features an exciting new gaming experience with a rich user interface and lots of interaction with other players.
business-man	Business Manager will be used for help desk, inventory management, project management, and other various features.  It will be php and mysql based.  Administrative features will include multiple levels of access to various modules.
businesschassis	Business Chassis is a framework for easily assembling certain matured opensource tools to create valuable Business Solutions. This framework will help small business service providers, professionals to package their business solutions better.
businessj	Business J is a collection of software providing essential business tools.  It includes contact (ContactJ), project (ProjectJ), sales (SalesJ), and financial  (AccountJ) management tools written in 100% pure java with full user documentation.
businesslayer	A .NET code generator who build entity classes to interact with the database of the application
businessmodule	business association website
businessnomade	Business Nomade is a tool to help people working abroad to deal with their daily administration work
businessobjects	This project is a collection of C# business objects (classes) that can be used to develop any kind of application.  The collection will include C# classes that can be compiled into the .NET and mono platform and set of sql table structures to use with th
businessoffice	The program complex is among other things suitable for different groups of users, which want to mix several CSV, LOG, PGN or TXT files to only one file. You can find further information and sample applications on our website.
businessweb	A &#039;Business Web&#039; site hosting forms and instructions to enable a business or sole trader to complete and post an online business document such as an electronic invoice.
busprocviewer	A system to convert an XML description of a business process into a hyperlinked website.  The process can be of any system that can be decomposed into its workflows, activities, roles and artifact, similar to those found in the Rational Unified Process.
busricerca-pro	BusRicerca is a program wrote in PHP that supply a web service for the research of public transport bus.
bussched	BusSched is a utility for PalmOS, Pocket PC and Windows, designed to give you easy access to Dublin Bus schedules. Several databases of schedules can be stored on your device/PC and selected dynamically.
bustednode	Asp.net c#/MSSQL 2000 - an Intranet site to keep track of bills/services. Enter your bill in the system and throw it away.  Make sure all of your roommates anti-up at the end of the month.
buster	Buster is Model-View-Controller Engine for PHP5 based systems. With this engine creating web based applications is easy as never before.
busy	Use busy to schedule service calls to customers (e.g. computer repair) while keeping the customer details and service call notes in a postgres database on another machine. Written in Java, the client should work on any machine that supports Java.
busyb	BusyB is an automated continuous build system. BusyB allows you to automatically rebuild your system at regularly scheduled intervals or simply when someone changes something. Or both.
busybee	BusyBee could be used to monitor and observe your INFORMIX database server. \nIt is an easy but flexible monitoring solution which could be used standalone or easily be integrated into system management tools like BigBrother, IBM Tivoli or HP OpenView.
busybox	BusyBoxDotNet is an ASP.NET library targeting UI enhancements in web applications. It provides libraries and web controls to ease otherwise time consuming tasks and provides support and seamless integration with the latest Ajax technologies.
busyhelper	A java irc help bot.
busyrails	busyRails is a java project that aims to create a framework for e-business solutions for small-retailers.
but	BackUp Tool is a small Perl script that is periodically executed to created backups of certain projects/directory&#039;s and only adds the backup if changes have been made since the last time a backup has been made, to do this it makes use of md5 checksu
butane	butane is an irc bot coded in c++. it has dcc support as well as privmsg commands. has ignore support, flags, etc
bute-gg-kinderg	An entertaining snake-like little game with much fun and a creche.
butija	Software to manage ebooks, papers and any others document formats. Its possible to include it in a CD or DVD.
butler	Butler framework is a table-oriented java object model on top of JDBC that makes database programming easier. It also has a set of database aware swing components and a JSP tag library.
butlerinfo	Butler is a program that can take natural language input and search for the information that the user wants. It is in C# .NET. For example, the user might say \\&quot;Tell me about the Grand Canyon.\\&quot; The program would say, \\&quot;The Grand Canyon is
butorwiki	A pure Java wiki/CMS engine. WAR file. File system based doc repository. Realtime indexed content of wiki, text, html, pdf, doc, xls, ppt, pps. WYSIWYG and text editor. Integrated filemanager. Stats. History. Lock/publish content. ACL. Watch and Alert.
butterfly	ButterFly is a modeler for topologic model.
butterflycms	ButterflyCMS is designed to help web designers whose main emphasis is design (vs. programming) easily create websites for clients where the client can log in to a user-friendly interface to change the content of the page without altering the design.
butterflycode	Butterfly is a simple Code Generator using XMI as the input and XSLT templates to generate any type of code.  Several templates are provided including EJB, JDO and Struts. Users may use the templates, modify them or create new ones using XSL.
butterflylogger	AVR Butterfly Logger uses the Atmel AVR Butterfly hardware and open source tools to create a cost effective stand alone datalogger for logging light, temperature, voltage or any general sensor value.
butterflymgm	PHP workflow managment, in business solution
butterflymp3	Firmware and Hardware for an MP3 player using an AVR Butterfly, VS1001K decoder and MMC card with FAT filesystem.
butterflyos	ButterflyOS is a very simple operation system for the Atmel AVR Butterfly board. It&#039;s based on the AvrX multitasking scheduler, created by Larry Barello. A byte-code program for ButterflyOS, can be sent and managed through the serial interface.
butterflypuzzle	This is a new take on the standard genre of puzzle game.  The goal is for the player to break out of nested shells through the use of tangrams.
butterflywf	Butterfly is an Open Source Workflow engine compatible with WfMC specifications. It has an additional semantic layer that makes it stand out from other engines.
butterflyxml	Butterfly XML Editor is an IDE built on top of a new real-time incremental XML parsing algorithm. The editor features syntax and error highlighting, incremental validation, code completion, XSLT pipelines, and side by side DOM and source viewing.
butterscotch	ButterScotch is an easy-to-use blog software, that focuses on providing great frontend capabilities, with a quality backend system. It features a complete template system that supports multiple simultaneous styles, and an extensive adminstration system.
button-gen	The BuTToN GeN is a PHP-Nuke module that allows you to create button type banners 80x15 to 130x15, for your site or blog. This module does require the current version of GD Library be installed on your server.
buttonf	ButtonFinances is a simple personal budget program designed with function in mind.
buttongenerator	A utility app for mass generation of web buttons, label, banners. Written in java, this app enables one to take a style file and a data file and generate images in most image formats.
buttonwood	Buttonwood is a MacOS X email client
buttress	Buttress, a simple Java application to automatically download BitTorrent links from rss feeds. File release system is now working, please download our latest version (0.5.1)!
buybizcart	buybiz cart enhanced is a loaded version (over 60 contributions) of the open source e-commerce system, oscommerce.  It is easy to install requiring and has a minimal of system requirements which include PHP and MySQL and an Apache web server.
buycell	A web-based point of sale application tailored around cellular phone sales
buyer-central	Books buyer central module on top of Amazon web services to help buyers find and buy books with advanced features, such as, language converter, currency converter, detailed product description popup, similar product search tool and price comparison tool.
buypolar	BuyPolar will provide a mechanism for collectors to track prices of specific items auctioned on Ebay over given periods of time.
buza	BuZa is een web interface voor het spel Diplomacy.
buzhug	A fast, portable, pure-Python database engine, with a Pythonic syntax (no SQL)
buzip	Fast, easy script-based backup program using zip.  Designed for one-click compressed backups of personal data files to USB flash drive. Optional strong (Blowfish) encryption. Easy to configure, runs blazing fast.
buzz-like	A modular multispace desktop music composer for Win32 (source available for porting). Features realtime wavelet processing, flexible arrangement, extensible sample types, autosaving and much, much more. Now with support for simple Buzz effects.
buzzard0	Teacher\\&#039;s scheduling application, kind of groupware to plan lessons. The schedule may be printed in a day overview with all lessons and detailed planning, or in a unit overview
buzzcut	Buzzcut is a Win32 application allowing the mapping of user chosen hotkeys to perform automation tasks not limited to keystrokes, mouse clicks and executing software.  Why buzzcut?  Because it&#039;s a short cut.  :P
buzzernotebook	Buzzer Notebook provides a single place to store all your notes and to-do lists.
buzzle	Puzzle Bubble clone
buzzloader	BuzzLoader for Linux
buzzmania	Buzzmania! Is a PC quiz game based very loosely on Buzz!, the Playstation 2 game set. Supports Buzz! Buzzer USB controllers, Audio and video playback, as well as image support. Supports up to 4 players and millions of questions with an INI backend, soon
buzznova	An open platform for publishing data in XML formats on a decentralized network using peer-to-peer technologies. The platform will allow the development of applications such as multi-user games and online forums without requiring servers.
buzzperl	BuzzPerl is Perl module used to read, write, and manipulate Jeskola Buzz files from Perl. Intended use is for algorithmic music composition, but could be used by anyone who wants to compose music from Perl.
buzzsearch	Buzzsearch is a Perl and MySQL based SMB/FTP search engine that originated at Georgia Tech.  It should run on any UNIX machine with Samba, however I have only tested it on Linux.
buzzsql	BuzzSQL is a thin layer over Java JDBC that manages automatic configuration of database connection setup, pooling, configuration, logging, and statement handling.
buzztard	The buzztard project aims to provide a free replacement of the currently windows only and close source software Buzz. It is a music production environment, which is based on a very modular approach, to allow many people to get involved.
buzztastic	Buzztastic is a simple quiz program intended for use with groups. It is written in Objective-C using Cocoa.
buzzword	Buzzword is PHP4/MySQL based homepage software.  Presently, it includes a blog, gallery, and links page.  Pages are updated through a simple web interface, and related content is automatically linked together using a &quot;relevance&quot; engine.
buzzwordbingo	bbcg is a Buzzword Bingo Card Generator. It generates postscript bingo cards with buzzwords from a database. It will be the Next Big Thing in meetings.
bva-io	Ongoing development of Matlab routines for interfacing the Brain Vision Analyser data files (load/save). This package is also compatible with the EEGLAB software, and may be uncompressed in the plugin folder of this software.
bvalid	A Java library for validating XML documents in a consistent and flexible way. Supports multiple schema languages, local schema catalogs, and automatic caching of schemas.
bvdphoto	Conception d&#039;un site de gestion de photo web2.0
bview	A GTK+ based image viewer targeted for viewing, catagorizing and managing large image set.
bviewer	BView is an GTK+ based image viewer. It can display all types of images supported by gdk-pixbuf. And it can display EXIF data.
bvim	The BVIM is a software for management and storage of images of the health area. It also offers to three forms of search and a private area to the professionals of the health, so that the same ones manage its images.
bvm	This is an engine for running audio games or any 2D audio application. It reads a XML file and can create a full game or application, plays environmental sounds, translates vision scene into sounds using volume and stereo control.
bvphotoalbum	A PHP based photo album. BlueVade PhotoAlbum is a simple one page script which does not require a database backend. It automatically generates thumbnails when needed without any intervention. To add images to the album just add them in the designated pho
bvxchat	A platform independent chat program written in c++ including a client and server application. The client application is using FLTK GUI.
bw-admin	Bot Detection &amp; Admin Plug-In DLL for Quake2 &amp; KingPing
bw-manager	Bandwidth Manager is a linux based operating system that includes layer 7 protocol filtering, caches, virus filtering and transparency capability.
bw-projects	Open source Firefox extensions, phpBB MODs, MediaWiki extensions, Azureus plugins and other add-on tools created by Bananeweizen of www.bananeweizen.de.
bwa	A tool to analyse Java programs in order to show if and where they employ ?busy waiting&quot;.
bwanald	An automated Bandwidth Analyzer and Throughtput Enhancer written in C#. The clients that were connected to a specific server will limit the bandwidth of the connections per application.
bwapos	A very simple Point-of-Sale system designed for small home businesses and shops, primarily for record keeping and inventory tracking. Planned features include a component based pricing system(eg system building) and a daily reporting system.
bwatch	bWatch - Linux cluster monitoring software.
bwbasic	The Bywater BASIC Interpreter (bwBASIC) implements a large superset of the ANSI Standard for Minimal BASIC (X3.60-1978) and a significant subset of the ANSI Standard for Full BASIC (X3.113-1987) in C.
bwbunit	bwbunit is a set of Black/White Box Unit Testing libraries/tools for Java developers.  These tools are designed to easy intergrate into JUnit and to be extremely user friendly.  These tools are a powerful addition to any Java developers ToolBox.
bwc	Bandwidth Controller is an effort to install distribute band-with as fairly as possible over the local network.
bwchecker	Bandwidth-Checker displays in a HTML page your current Bandwidth and the size of the data transferred.
bwcontrol	Bandwidth Control is a modest but robust packet shaper able to perform most common tasks of traffic shaping (QoS). With Bandwidth Control + mrtg + Redhat/Centos Linux you will get a perfect control over your network limiting the bandwidth usage.
bwdnnsb	The intention of this project is to provide a library that acts as a binding to native libraries, alleviating  the needs for individual JNI bindings to native dynamic link libraries developed in C(++), and eventually other programming languages.
bwentbot	BwentBot in an event driven IRC bot completely written in Perl.  Its goal is to be functional without becoming bloated, and to keep overhead low to run on older systems.  BwentBot has many features that make it an ideal bot for IRC channels.
bwf	BWF (Bad Word Filter) is a PHP class that uses PCRE to find bad words in strings, and returns an array of bad words found (optionally includiung the offset of each match.) The class is language aware, but currently there are only English libraries.
bwfxpbot	bwFXPbot is an IRC bot designed for file sharing networks, to distribute files between FTP/FXP servers; Simple Fast and Clean!
bwgburn	This application is a Windows XP .NET 2.0 application that can be used to burn CD-R/CD-RW/DVD-R/DVD-RW/DVD+R/DVD+RW/DVD+R DL/BD-RE. It includes the ability to burn both data disk, audio disk and video disk (include VCD and DVDs).
bwgraph	The Bandwidth Utilization Grapher (BUG) will periodically poll SNMP capable devices and store the resulting data in a RRD file.  This software includes Perl scripts which will generate dynamic graphs of the data via a web browser.
bwise	bWise is an Enterprise Application Integration Framework which incorporates Business Process Execution Language for Web Services (BPEL4WS). Features include extensive Management tools, Graphical Business Process and Document Specification Diagrammers.
bwl	BowlFish is a customized OpenBSD install script, to make it fit into the small media (e.g. CF cards) that tipically come together with embedded systems, like Soekris and WRAP boards. The install procedure is similar to a standard OpenBSD install.
bwm-tools	Bandwidth Management Tools is a total bandwidth management solution for Linux and can be used for firewalling, traffic graphing, and shaping. It is not based on any currently-available bandwidth management software some ver advanced features.
bwmls	Bwmls displays bandwidth usage of all or any virtual hosts on an apache web server provided that the webserver uses mod_log_sql for logging. Results are displayable by any month of any year, or for the entire year, for any year.
bwmng	Bandwidth Monitor NG is a small and console-based live network and disk-io bandwidth monitor for Linux, BSD, Solaris, Mac OS X and others. features: output of KB/s, Kb/s, packets, errors, average, max and total sum; in curses, plain console, CSV or HTML
bwmon	Linux bandwidth monitor (bwmon) is yet another utility that measures bandwidth utiliazation per interface basis. It is coded in C and takes advantage of curses library. It runs only on Linux systems since the utility reads /proc/net/dev.
bwmonitor	Bwmonitor Suite is a collection of programs (daemon, client, daemon configurator) that allow a user to view a subnet&#039;s bandwidth (inbound and outbound) usage to external hosts in realtime on a scaled plot based on user defined network sniffing rules
bwmonitoring	This is software that will report the bandwidth uses of a port. The bandwidth usage report will be in a Graphical Graph form showing percent used in and out. This software will also have a Web and Software User Interface.
bwodyssey	A 3D engine being designed in parallel with a FP vehicle combat game. This open source project includes the core engine, level preprocessor, and other utilities needed to complete the game. The game specific source will be released at a later time.
bwosdk	This project is intended to give developers access to the open-source BWO SDK, a set of Java classes from BWO Technologies Inc.
bwr	BlnderWebRender is a distributed rendering manager for Blender which uses the web for setting up jobs, and controlling clients.
bwres	Make generational backups with backup monitoring utilities including email notification.  Backup to multiple locations with different options. Web restore system so users can restore their own files from a mounted volume or server.  Cross platformable.
bws	Business Webiste Solution (BWS) provides simple way of installing, customizing, and managing standard business websites from 5 to 20 pages for non-technical users.
bwstat	Monitor monthly 90th or 95th percentile bandwidth utilization.
bwtcoder	Help implement an industrial strength Burrows-Wheeler transform compressor!  Initial release covers block-sort, MTF coding, RLE coding, Huffman coding
bwtimetracker	Web based time tracking system that allows multiple users to input information for four levels: Client, Project, Task, Details. Project will rely on MySQL or Postgre Database and PHP 4.0+.
bww-irc	The is a new, fresh,easy-to-use, newbie friendly IRC client written in Visual Basic. This will hopefully become the open-source alternative to mIRC, the Windows standered IRC client. Very simular to Instant Messagering apps.
bwwebprinter	This software allows SAP BW web reports to be printed out directly from a web browser.  It allows both fit to page and tile over multiple page options fully  controlled by the user.
bxbutils	BxbUtils collect various source code, skeleton and application i&#039;ve written in these years.
bxi	Xi is a programming language which handles XML/HTML documents. Xi source is executable XML document, and you can make Web application very easily. From now, you dont need Perl/PHP/Servlet/JSP/ASP or other technologies!
bxml	Minimal XML parser to constructing stuctured WEB systems.
bxmodeller	This web-application allows to business users to design, in a shared envirorment, a Business Process in Business Process Modelling Notation (BPMN 1.0) language and to serialize it in XML Process Definition Language (XPDL 2.0).
bxr	BXR is an interface to manage a Blosxom-Based blog through the web or XML-RPC. Current it supports blogger, and metaWeblog APIs.
byaccj	The same BYACC tool used produce C/C++ parsers, with an added capability to produce small, fast Java parsers instead.
byakhee	Byakhee is a character generator for the Call of Cthulhu pen and paper roleplaying game including the 1890s setting, modern day/Deltagreen.
byecycle	The requisite dependency viewer for Eclipse. How can people still build software without seeing its structure? After a compiler and a text editor, a dependency viewer is really the first thing you want. See Home Page for installation instructions.
byfly	byFly.net: A smart content managment system, based on templates and a MySQL database. Changing your site via a webinterface, with WYSIWYG editor and CSS support. Several modules include like: guestbook, photo gallery and menu builder.
bygfoot	A small and simple graphical football (a.k.a. soccer) manager game featuring many international leagues and cups. In newer versions you can even try to become World Champion 2006 or European Champion 2008!
byghound	Greyhounds is a GTK-based greyhound racing and breeding game. You manage a kennel, breed and trade dogs and participate in races. Your goal is of course to breed succesful and fast greyhounds and reach good times in the rac
byodyn	ByoDyn is a software tool for the study of Gene Regulatory Networks (GRN). ByoDyn is a group effort of the Computational Biochemistry and Biophysics Laboratory which is part of the Research Group on Biomedical Informatics (IMIM/UPF).
byojeopardy	BYOJeopardy is a program to create and play Jeopardy-like games. BYOJeopardy helps you easily build and display jeopardy games. Also, you can export boards to html, so you can play anywhere. This a great tool to use for reviewing topics in the classroom.
bypass	Bypass is an IP forwarding/tunneling tool which can be used where limited bypassing of a firewall is necessary, but relaxing the restrictions in the actual firewall is not an option. The aim is for bypass to be automatic and transparent.
bypassedtests	An Eclipse plugin to keep note of the junit tests that are bypassed (commented out) by the development team in any java project. For an Agile TDD team, this is essential to make sure that tests are not being commented out and forgotten.
byrequest	byRequest provides requested audio and image streams to a TiVo personal video recorder running the HMO option.
byronstar-games	ByronStar Games - A collection of old fashioned game ideas provided within new programming models (e.g. based on Java or Flash) together with a common set of game elements/classes
byronstar-sl	ByronStar SL - as its ultimate goal - will provide an eclipse based IDE for SecondLife owned by Linden Labs (http://secondlife.com). Starting point is an editor for Linden Scripting Language (LSL) with many features (e.g. parser). More to follow...
byte-me	byte-me is a quota system for IPtables, written entirely in Perl.  It allows interesting packets to require authentication before they pass, possibly enforcing a quota of bytes transferred.  It does all of this by manipulating a special IPtable.
bytecodehacks	The notorious bytecodehacks rewrite the bytecode executed by the CPython virtual machine to do things you never dreamt possible for Python.
bytecoding	Java-program to read, modify and execute class-files. a real java VM written in java or a decompiler for class-files is possible (and partially working)
bytehoard	A PHP-based web storage system, providing a web interface for users to upload, download, share and edit files, all via their browser. Includes thumbnails for images, multiple database support, skinning support, directory support and much more.
bytekill	A user-oriented CMS that can be both robust and flexible, or stripped down and agile, depending on the needs of the individual users.
byteline	The byteline tool is for distributing large files across large computer clusters by sending a single copy of the data through the network, each computer making a local copy in the process.  It also includes an &quot;object-style&quot; C pthreads wrapper 
bytemark	Bytemark benchmark results database
byteme	ByteMe is packet analysis program written in C for *NIX systems. The --scan option captures packets on the subnet the machine it&#039;s running on, and the --firewire option scans a box for security vulnerabilities.
byteml	ByteML is a XML-JavaBytecode interoperability framework. With the aid of this framework the end-user can convert bytecode ( Java .class files ) to XML files and vice-versa.
bytemonsoon	Originally based on the bytemonsoon tracker written by dfx. This project a has a new goal of becomming a highly optimized php based tracker that relies on apache and MySQL allowing it to be run on virtually any webhost.
bytesmailer	BytesMailer is the PHP class to send mails, especially with a lot of attachments, and in multibyte encoding character (ex. UTF-8 or ISO-2022-JP). Of course, singlebyte encoding characters are treated suitably.
bytetorrent	ByteTorrent is a set of Windows C++ Libraries and Tools implementing the BitTorrent protocol (bitconjurer.org/BitTorrent/). It is a complete re-write from scratch of the BitTorrent client, hoping to improve on a few areas.
byzcalendar	A Byzantine Catholic calendar which will be accessible to all who wish to use the information (without profit) for their own personal or parish websites.
byzgl	ByzanineOS is a software internet appliance with a home entertainment bias. It is based on a networked Linux distribution/bootable system with Mozilla providing access to a range of services and applications.
bz-pos	Free Open Source POS system.
bzbot	BZBot is a project of bot (in the same way than IRC bots) for BZFlag servers.
bzbyte	BZbyte reports is a fully web based reporting solution created to provide a commercial quality cross platform professional open source alternative to expensive reporting packages such as Crystal Reports(tm), and others. Visit: http://www.bzbyte.com
bzbzcg	ServerCG is a server daemon, that connects two BZFlag server, and builds a chat connection between the two servers.
bzc	BZC stands for BASIC ASM to TI-83+ Z80 Compiler. It is a compiler for programmers who want to easily create fast and powerful programs for the TI-83+ calculator without having to learn assembly language.
bzfed	BzfEd is an Linux application to allow you to create worlds for the game BZFlag.
bzflag	OpenSource OpenGL Multiplayer Multiplatform Battle Zone capture the Flag. 3D first person Tank Simulation.
bzflag-console	BZFlag - Console Edition to bring the ever-popular BZFlag to PS2, XBox, Gamecube, Dreamcast, and possibly others!
bzflagplus	BZFlagPlus is a modified bzflag client which makes use of subtle cheats
bzfsgui	The BZFlag Server GUI is an alternative, graphical frontend to the BZFlag server, bzfs.exe. It allows you to run a BZFlag server with many extra options, or generate a DOS batch file or *nix shell script to run your server.
bzhousebuilder	This project generates BZW World code for BZFLAG to create a house from the varibles you provide.
bzip2smp	This program parallelizes the BZIP2 compression process to achieve a near-linear performance increase on SMP machines. On a two-processor Xeon machine, the speedup is around 180%. The tool&#039;s main purpose is to aid performing heavy-duty server backup
bzipgui	The Bzip2GUI is a graphical interface to the command line bzip2 tool used to compress and uncompress files using the bzip2 format.
bzk	BZK is a set of tools for creating Device-Independent Game Engines. The goal of the project is to create enough code base that allow distributed clients to run based on multiple servers.
bzl3d	Game in space, mi quake like, mi wargame. The commands was done by keyboard (creation of units, of supply and others factory) The player have his own aeronef, can take place in all the others aeronefs. The objectif is to create a multiplayer game. It&#03
bzlibcpp	BZLibC++ is a library for creating BZFlag maps in C++. Its purpose is to automate the map generation process.
bzlinker	A project dedicated to producing a program, enabling bzflag servers to exchange chat via a linking bot (BZLinker)
bzs	Litrix ? um Sistema Desktop em LiveCD  adaptado para  o portugues e pensando em usu?rios Desktop que desejam efetuar tarefas simples como acesso a Rede, Editar documentos e abrir arquivos multimidia ( Atividades de Escrit
bzsarab	bzSaraB will schedule and rotate backups, providing an automatic backup solution. The powerful rotation schedule allows custom rotations that fit the needs of your network. Supports Towers of Hanoi, Grandfather-Father-Son, or any custom rotation strategy
bzstar	The BZStar is a BBS forum agent to monitor specific posts in the forum automaticlaly for its users.
bzstats	Utitlity to generate statistics (scoreboards, charts) from BZFlag games.
bztournament	Fork of BZFlag, a 3D tank game, to remove harmfull athoritarian &#039;features&#039;, add new gametypes and options, provide well made levels that use the full extent of the engine, and give mappers what they need to produce high quality maps. Embrace an
bzwav	Audio compression/decompression software
c-a-t-s	A PHP/MySQL website content *distribution* system geared toward sites that are mainly file-based: photos, file collections, text files, etc. although it can also deal with tabled-data..  Customizable 4.4 layer template nesting for complete layout control
c-algorithms	A library of common algorithms written in C. Developers can reuse the algorithms by including them in their own projects.
c-alleg	CALLEG
c-arbre	C-Arbre provides all the tools needed to publish categorized resources, documents, files, news articles and events in order to setup an Intranet or a web portal, plus some groupware and knowledge management functions (webmail, planning, contacts...)
c-ares	a C library that performs DNS requests and name resolves asynchronously
c-cardsdev	C-cards: it is a simple card game, where cards are computational elements; computing machines can be defined, built and animated in a concrete way by disposing cards and moving pegs around them, following formal rules.
c-comiccollect	A C based, native mode version of the (existing) ComicCollection program (http://comiccollection.sourceforge.net). Designed to be easier to configure, and not to require an SQL backend.
c-cramp	C-Cramp is a tool for a mysql database with data about music, DJs, shows, etc. for non-profit (college/university) radio stations that play music from hard media (CDs/vinyl). The primary focus is tracking &amp; music and generating logs using a php front
c-db	CDB is a abstract and simple wrapper to different client libraries of sql databases. It is written in C and C++. Supported are PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite and Oracle rdbms. It should run in many modern Linux and BSD environments.
c-devtesting	C development testing and examples for beginner developers. It&#039;s aimed for POSIX-compatible operating systems.
c-doku	C-doku is a logic game written in C based on the well known rules of the Sudoku.
c-e-t	&quot;c-e-t&quot; is short for &quot;clever education tools&quot; and is a collection of litte programms which should help by school tasks. In addition, it includes some mini games for relaxing.
c-faq-chn	Chinese translation of comp.lang.c faq
c-fvm	Tools to incrementally build customised Forth Virtual Machines for embedded applications. Token compiler converts token description into C code templates. PC console application includes FVM, it is used to compile and debug bytecodes for target FVM.
c-gen	C-gen is an educational environment to generate compilers. The user graphically defines some phases and can watch the recogntion process step-to-step. It accepts plugins and can generate objects that can be loaded by any java program to work for real.
c-gen-ll1	Plugin para o projeto c-gen, no qual é feita a implementação do reconhecimento de sentenças do tipo LL1. Desenvolvido como trabalho na cadeira de Compiladores na Universidade de Santa Cruz do Sul, e ministrado pela professsora Alessandra Dahmer.
c-hawk	Highly efficient Biclustering algorithm based on crossing minimization
c-hoo	c-hoo is Yahoo! instant message client for console. c-hoo is Pronounce as &quot;si: e&#039;hu:&quot;.
c-icap	c-icap  is an  ICAP server coded in C.
c-interpreter	sC - scripted C - is an open source library providing an object oriented C interpreter for dynamic execution of external source or script files in your applications.
c-it	The C&#039;it (Continuous Integration and Testing) project (say &quot;see it!&quot;) is a set of services to increase the perception of the evolving software, letting you easily implement continuous integration at its best.
c-jdbc	C-JDBC allows to build any cluster configuration of databases. The main features of C-JDBC are performance scalability, fault tolerance and high availability. Additional features such as monitoring, logging, SQL requests caching can also be provided.
c-labs	C-Labs regroupe plusieurs projets : Forum, CMS, etc...
c-logic	This is a C source code scanner based on symbolic logic. It analyses C source code (especially that of the Linux kernel, at which it is aimed) for programming errors and vulnerabilities. The tests are defined by the user.
c-mem-profiler	Memory Profiler for C is a very simple C library for helping developers writting code which contains no memory leaks. It keeps track of all the allocated dynamic memory and allows for its printing. The source code is very simple and easily customizable.
c-minuit	Package for using CERN&#039;s MINUIT with C main program and fcn().
c-nema	cNEMA is an open source cms for cinema&#039;s administration written in PHP.
c-news	c-News is a news-engine for organizations with many subgroups like universities. It is written in PHP/MySQL and can be run under linux or windows. It serves as community-tool for the targeted delivery of News in complex organisations.
c-note	The project is no longer being maintained here. New releases are available from http://forge.novell.com
c-o-p	C::O::P, is a C port of the Phoenix::Object::Persistent persistence framework.
c-open-smpp-34	This work is directed to C programmers with basic knowledge in SMPP protocol, at least in the specification and handling of sessions. Extending the development of the library, the scope of the same might involve a development of protocols on TCP/IP.
c-p-l	Comment Programming Language
c-parser	Parsing, interpreting, checking and profiling C application (ISO/IEC 9899:1999 (E))
c-pec	Flash software for the 89x668 based C-Pec interface. A full blown WinISP replacement.
c-portal	C-portal CMS is a fork of Post Nuke based on PN.726 and carries all of the features of PN.726 with a stronger sercurity package. Php, MySql, Apache are used in the development of this software. This software is Unix/Linux compatible as well.
c-pretter	The Project of mine and a group of friends will be called &quot;C-pretter&quot;. It will involve the creation of the interpreter of C++ in Delphi language. First version of this project is going to involve elements  of C++ language such as : Variable ope
c-prog-math	A Mathematic Project with Multicplication of Matrices and so on, written in ANSI - C, later maybe with a GUI under Windows or Linux.
c-sec-lib	C-Sec-lib is a small library holding functions to support secure C-Programming. The main goal at the moment are functions which provide an easy way to check and/or restrict user supported values.
c-sge	The project will fork off from the original SGE and create a library written in pure ANSI C, with possibly a few additional features.
c-smile	C-smile OOL is a scripting language with C++-like grammar. It has compiler, VM running bytecodes and C++ extendible runtime. Intended to run in standlone and embedded mode.
c-stat	A bot written in php that provides statistics for an irc channel. It requires a MySQL and PHP &gt; 4.3.3.
c-sudoku-solv	Another SUDOKU solver written in C language. A console based program that displays step by step how to reach solution of this famous game.
c-sudoku-solver	This is a small text based program, written in C, which can solve the popular sudokus.
c-swt	C-SWT is Customized SWT Components. C-SWT supports more comportable and higher quality of user interface than eclipse SWT.
c-war	This is a remake of the classic roundbased battleship game. It supports multiplayer network gaming over the internet for two players as well as playing against the computer.
c-windows-tools	basic tools for compiling C/C++ under windows (MSYS + MINGW + emacs)\nproviding gcc, g++, gmake, vi, vim, emacs, ...
c-xml-unittest	XML-based Unit Test Generator for C/C++ Programs
c-y-a	Project management framework: includes modules for companies, projects, tasks,  Gantt charts, files (with versioning), contacts/users, tickets/helpdesk/work request, bug tracking, search, timesheets, user/module permissions and themes. Requires InnoDB.
c00ngl	micro openGL core (software rendering only), easily portable (written in C)
c10r	A framework to allow automatic creation and composing of java objects by specifying properties and links in files (or other directory).
c12	A PHP/MySql Bogging system aimed at ease of use and integration of other products.
c128-bbs-devel	Proposed development of a new BBS platform for the Commodore 128
c167-rtos	This project is aimed at developing a Real Time OS for Infineon&#039;s C167 microcontroller on the KitCON-167 board.  The OS requires a Linux development host.
c1boot	This project develops and maintains the C-ONE boot code.
c1m4l4o14	Cameleon software cms is a webbased application that is for the people who want to have more then one portal with the same core
c22ndmerc	An RTS inspired by Syndicate. The player is in charge of a mercenary company in a dystopian futuristic sci-fi world.
c2asm	C into assembly language converter producing asm files, specific optimizations for different chip manufacturers (Intel, AMD and Transmeta), written in C/C++ with OOP design, designed to be multiplatform
c2c	C2C is a serverless, Client to Client file sharing application.
c2caml	C2caml is a tool for automatic generation of ocaml bindings fro a library from it&#039;s C header interface.
c2cshop	cshop is C2C auction software package, can help you build your own auction web-site like eBay quickly.  The import feature allows you CHAT or BBS within cshop. more info can find in http://bbshop.ccn.cc
c2dse	A generic engine that will implement multiple backend engines to run the game. It is left to the developer to develop the front ends AKA graphics engine.
c2f	C2F is a little console-based application to convert the imperial system to their corresponding metric system. It will convert temperature, volume, weight and length. X-based version coming later.
c2gnuplot	C++ library to create animations in Gnuplot.Data transfare to gnuplot via FIFO files and pipelineing.
c2h	Project c2h - cetacean to human - building Seadragon, a tool for the scientific research of the acoustic communication of cetaceans, supporting the creation, emission, and recognition of underwater whistles. The blog: http://leafyseadragon.blogspot.com/
c2hess	C2hess stands for Chinese chess, a well-known board game. C2Chess provides both chess engine and GUI but the focus is on chess tree search algorithms.
c2html	C2html is a program which converts C source files to highlighted html-files. The produced html-files can be used for i.e. technical manuals. The highlighted source code is much easier to read.
c2latex	Tool that makes c code look pretty for inserting it in TeX or LaTeX documents. It analizes c source and produces a bunch of text that you can either use it as a source for LaTeX or inserting it with \\input{file} command in a LaTeX file.
c2nak	The Cocoon Adaption Kit is a NetKernel module which enables the use of Cocoon Components (Generators, Transformers, Serializer, Actions) from within the NetKernel XML Application Server.
c2pas	OpenC2Pas is a C/C++/BCB to Object Pascal (Delphi/Kylix) translator. It&#039;s just a time saver, for now: do not expect any complete and exhaustive conversion, but it can convert a big portion of code for you.
c2php	Design, develop and create a C to PHP module translator, that will enable users to access native C code inside PHP. See project SWIG instead...
c2vcg	Expresses C program in graphical control flow chart in VCG GDL.
c2xmc	c2xmc, the C-to-any language Macro Converter, is a tool that helps to keep documentation in sync with optional program features selected at compile time via C preprocessor macros.
c2xml	c2xml is a tool that generates a XML representation of pre-processed ANSI C source code.
c3-ds-tools	A collection of progmodes for vim and xemacs, programs and shellscripts that make developing for Creatures3 and DockingStation on Linux and Windows easier.
c3a	A three-address code (C3A) compiler, implemented as a new front end to the GCC compiler.
c3c	This is a project for Chinese Calendar in C++.Hope it can help you. It&#039;s ported from a JavaScript project.The origin author&#039;s mail is wy25@mail.bnu.edu.cn.I port it to C++ because some Chinese software need it but can&#039;t use Javascript.
c3drmengine	C3DRMEngine is a high-level and easy-to-use API for developers of 3D-games and apps with many features. It currently supports DirectX, but will support OpenGL (Windows and Linux) in the future as well.
c3ds	A set of c++ flexible and inheritable classes to open, parse and render 3d models contained in .3ds files working in an os-independent way, using the C++ Standard Library to read files and Glut-OpenGL to render.
c3ismc-jsdse	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
c3ms	Comic Creation CMS will be an integrated CMS/Groupware/Portal webapplication for creating Comics/Graphic Novels fit for web and electronic publishing. Ambitions also to create an generic XML file format for active multimedia content comics (and more...)
c3p0	c3p0 is an easy-to-use library for augmenting traditional (DriverManager-based) JDBC drivers with JNDI-bindable DataSources, including DataSources that implement Connection and Statement Pooling, as described by the jdbc3 spec and jdbc2 std extension.
c3po	C3PO is a software synthesis tool that provides a solution for building maintainable, reliable and robust software infrastructures and/or compiler frontends from a set of attributed grammar rules in EBNF notation.
c4-nla	C4 is a library for numerical linear algebra (vector/matrix) using comprehensible, effective, generic C++. It wants to succeed to TNT.
c4ac	C4AC is a total conversion mod for Sid Meier&#039;s Civilization 4. It is built upon the SDK released by Firaxis. C4AC wants to bring the strategical depth, the outstanding diplomacy and immersive atmosphere of Alpha Centauri to civ4&#039;s modern game e
c4as	C4 is an ActionScript framework that includes: drawing api, remote services api and servers written in php and java, component api, and a game engine for developing flash based games.
c4bpm	Develop a simple peer-to-peer network monitoring solution.
c4exgame	C4 is a fast, action packed FPS were you have to plant bombs at enemy locations. There will be single and multiplayer modes that lead the player though missions were you can plant/diffuse many different types of bombs at many types of locations.
c4fibs	C4FIBS is a client for the First Internet Backgammon Server (FIBS). Play backgammon in real-time using this nice looking graphical interface.
c4for	Fortran lacks some very basic, but extremely useful, C functionality.  The intent of c4for is to provide a library available at link time for fortran code to access the C functionality.
c4i	This war game is real time tactical strategy with modern weapons. It is intended to have the same level of detail than Steel Panther 2, but with real time instead of IGOUGO design style. The main originality is the emphasis on command and control.
c4j	C4J is a simple and powerful tool that makes it easy to add contract verification of instances and methods of any Java class or interface. C4J aims to bring Design By Contract to Java.
c4jplugin	This project aims at developing an Eclipse plugin for the Design by Contract library provided by the c4j project. It helps Eclipse developers to maintain their contracts together with their Java classes.
c4jvm	A C compiler which can compile ANSI C code to java virtual machine bytecode. Is it cool?
c4m	CFM (not MFC) is a set of C++ classes, available in the form of a library. These are designed for Linux mainly but also try to support  UN*X and Win platforms. Example classes: file manipulation, sockets, database, scheduling etc. etc.
c4servcl	A client/server architecture to allow the creation and playing of a configurable &quot;Connect Four&quot; like game.
c4sperplayer	A media player built on windows media player. Built in visual basic, this is my first real attempt of a program.
c55x-binutils	This is a port of binutils to support the TMS320C55x DSP chip
c64net	C64/65/128 networking software for FreeBSD, Linux, Amiga, Solaris, BeOS and Windows.
c6500monitor	Display the vlan and the status of al ports of Cisco Catalyst 6500 through a web page.
c65cm	A MOS 6502 cross compiler with libraries.
c681xbots	An open source set of embedded software libraries in C, C++ and Assembler for robotics programming, targeting controllers using Motorola&#039;s 16 bit controllers, concentrating on the 6811 and 6812.  Development of a common development toolset.
c6protocol	A Java implementation of the C6 protocol. It could easily be integrated in others multi-protocol instant messengers.
c8051kernel	8051 C-multitasking kernel
c835722	c835722 code vault
ca3	An auto-powerlevelling program for the online RPG Final Fantasy XI. Written in AC Tool, for use with the PC version of FFXI running under Azaril&#039;s Windower and Starhawk&#039;s FFACT.
ca4spiff	A playlist creator for XSPF &quot;spiff&quot; that eliminates the need for too much user input.
ca9dx2delphi	CA9DX is a Delphi DirectX 9 3D Engine for windows based on Aztica 6DX 3D engine source. It will feature outdoor and indoor rendering, collision detection, particle and effects system, sound, model support for MD2, MD3, MS3D, MDS and more. Come join the t
caacfd	Computational aeroacoustic GUI for testing numerical schemes with benchmark codes.There are many added methods inside.Users can add their own schemes to test the results against validated schemes.
caacms	The goal of this project is to create a flexible CMS based around the publishing, archiving and administration of web-based comics and art display written in PHP with the use of a MySQL database and module system for advanced features.
caas	Central Authentication and Authorization Service
cabal	CABAL == C++ Automatic Bot As a Lifeform. CABAL is just an IRC bot with a lot of features.
cabal-net	Cabal is a C++ framework that provides support for high prestation parallel processing network servers and clients. It doesn&#039;t provide a protocol, it just gives you the abstraction of data sending/receiving in real time or priority scheduling.
caballerosz	CABALLEROSZ - LA ULTIMA GUERRA SANTA: Este es un nuevo juego basado en Saint Seiya que da lugar a la primera batalla con Hades, donde se ve a Shion y Dohko como los únicos sobrevivientes de tal feroz batalla.\nCREADOR: JRM\nLUGAR: PERU
cabalmud	We are creating an extensible mud engine with a specific multi-genre RPG system that is completely new.  The RPG itself will be published in a PDF format and can be used for off-line gaming.
cabaweb	CabaWeb is business simulation use as business game to teach students how economy works. It&#039;s a project written in Java using only Open Source Products.
cabbar	cabbar is a GTK+/GNOME client for Jabber(http://jabber.org), the open-source instant-messaging system..
cabber	Cabber is a Console Jabber Client, it is desing for provide Jabber services to the console users, because All borned in the Console.
cabbit	3-D modeler with a VIM-like feel.  It uses triangles as the drawing primitive, and saves to a raw format designed to easially be read by a game engine.
cabel	Cabel is a graphical user interface for building Csound instruments by patching modules similar to modular synthesizers. Cabel modules are defined in XML files, so anybody with some Csound knowledge can write his/her own modules and play with them.
cabel-lib	Cache Ajax like Browser side Enhanced Libary - Cabel-Lib Theoretically, by applying this library, it will a web-mail operation as a mainly pure Client-Side operation, and decrease web interaction to a very low percentage during whole operation procedure
cabfe	CabFE is a multi-emulator frontend for MAME, Daphne and other arcade games designed specifically for arcade cabinets using minimal set of controls (typically only a joystick and a few buttons) that are common on cabinets.
cabge	Card And Board Game Emulator - a set of protocols and data definitions for emulating card and board games, with reference implementation and bindings for multiple languages
cabi	CABI (CPU Accounting and Blocking Interfaces) is a CPU resource monitoring and restriction system which has the purpose of improving the reliability of the system. It is provided as a kernel service to manage the kernel resource properly.
cabie	Continuous Automated Build and Integration Environment. Cabie is a multi-platform, multi-cm client/server based application providing both command line and web-based access to real time build monitoring, execution and deployment information.
cabin	This project is for developers who wish to build php applications following the REST architectural style. It tries to make it easy to build RESTful apps. It is in some ways inspired by ruby on rails.
cable	CABLE (Computer Algebra Based Learning and Evaluation) is an online mathematical assessment tool for use with an open source computer algebra system.
cablecrawler	CableCrawler - a second layer network topology discovery system
cablemanage	Cable Device Management Software
cablemodem	DOCSIS Cable modem monitoring and diagnostic system
cablib	cablib is a Java library for extracting Microsoft cabinet files. Its main purpose in life is to provide a means of access to libraries that may have been distributed as cabinet files for use with Microsoft Java, or perhaps a pre-CLR version of Microsoft
caboodlesc	Caboodle network spell check controller package library
caboose	Caboose provides a method for creating concept descriptions from examples of the domain. It is useful as a method of knowledsge acqusition for expert systems, or as a tool for data mining.
caboquinho	Coboquinho Free Software Application Framework
cabot	A very modular multi-network multi-servers IRC BOT by Capha team
cabron	PHP and ActionScript code for Remoting - it allows remote invocation of PHP methods from Flash movies. No PHP extensions needed. Multilanguage support, timed deserialization. PHP 4.0.5 or above required!
cabtool	Creates, views, opens and refreshes Microsoft Cabinets (.CAB). Easy?
cac-tool	The CAC (Content Accessibility Check) is a Java application for evaluating web sites accessibility based on the W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 1.0.
cacanms	CACANMS is an acronym for Computer Aided Campus Area Network Management System. The system consists of software components and a library of about 60 classes. It is divided into three types of subsystems which reside on different servers and communicate.
cacao	An Interval Constraint Solving Library in C++
cacawet	The cacawet framework is intended to provide serialization and edition services to ease the process of game development.
cacertjbmf	CA cert &amp; Junk Buffering Mail Filter is a tool for preventing delivery of email until the sender has confirmed their address. 2 options : replying to a confirmation mail or using a valid X509 cert signed mail. It is a global achievement to prevent sp
cache	i am vigneshwaran. i have done a project &quot;web caching and authentication server for intranet&quot; in linux environment using c/C++
cache-anywhere	Moddification of eMule. It adds universal and scalable cache-subsystem to the original well known p2p application, to make a new quality and style of file sharing.
cache-net	a .net object cache system like those of java. help store all kinds of information here.
cache-requester	mod-cache-requester for Apache Web Server to reduce server thunder herd by maintaining all popular pages in the cache.
cache4j	cache4j is a cache for Java objects with a simple API and fast implementation.
cacheandcarry	Python script for Geocachers. Takes GPX file (eg from Geotoad), downloads waypoints to Garmin Etrex, and produces OpenOffice quick-reference document with the descriptions and hints.
cacheca	Cacheca is a transaction-ready distributed lock and cache layer for Java. It supports advanced lock mode like S, X, IS, IS, SIX, U. Cacheca is created to cache database entity. However, it is designed to be generic can be put to other uses.
cachecc1	cachecc1 is a gcc cache
cachelister	A utility that lists all URLs in a user&#039;s Internet Explorer cache.  The list can be exported to a text file or copied to the clipboard.  Written in Visual Basic for most Windows versions.
cachelog	CachéLog is a port of Log4J/Log4PHP to Intersystems Caché
cachem	Mod_cachem, an Apache 2 only DSO module, creates, maintains, and manages a shared memory cache (either named or anonymous) usable by other DSO modules from within their ap_hook_method_handler.
cachemagnet	CacheMagnet geocaching software lets you edit, map, and download GPX waypoint files to your GPSr. Maps and reports can be printed to take with you in the field. The map supports zoom and pan, road map, satellite map and birds-eye.
cachesimple	Cache-simple - is a project aimed on creation of very easy (and fast) exportable caching script. It is not going to store cached files - only to serve it to user browser on fly. You can plug your browser to your shell account in less than 3 minutes.
cachetester	A framework that benchmarks various Java based cacheing products (open source and commercial) against each other. The goal is that end users configure the test framework based on his cache usage needs so comparisons are extremely relevant.
cachew	Cachew is a method caching system for Java applications.
cacho	Cacho mlDonkey Web Admin, automatic get id of searchs in sharereactor and jigle, have full support for the most usefull actions of mldonkey.
cacic	Documentation to the automated software and hardware inventory know as &quot;cacic&quot;.
cacinda	Cacinda - Cacti Integration Dashboard, is a Cacti plugin that allows a Cacti administrator to give themselves and or their users a graphical dashboard page on a host by host basis that integrates output from Cacti, Fault Managers (Nagios),  and SNMP.
cack	A program that constructs sentences based on English language rules, but with random words -- Using nouns, verbs, adjectives and adverbs in the correct context, it will generate completely nonsensical phrases -- Around 90,000 words are supplied.
cacm	CACM = Client Access to Cluster Manager manage access via ssh for user to a cluster (or a computer) via SSH key and a Web calendar Interface. The web site manage all users. An user can reserve the cluster via the web site. A daemon generate a SSH-key-p.
cacms	CaCMS (California CMS) is an easy to use, hierarchical Content Management System based on Java Servlets.
caco-p2p	An Open Source P2P ( Peer to Peer ) Program written by me ( Caco ) in Visual Basic 6.
cacti	Cacti is a complete frontend to RRDTool. It stores all of the necessary information to create graphs and populate them with data in a MySQL database. The frontend is completely PHP driven. Along with being able to maintain graphs, data sources, and round
cactireport	CactiReport ist a plugin to create PDF reports of Cacti graph trees. The reports can be mailed daily, weekly or monthly.
cactus	CACTUS Ain&#039;t Comic Translator&#039;s Utility Script.
cactus3d	The Cactus 3D engine is a port of the 3D engine programmed by Peter Walser in Java (www.idx3d.ch). It provides an Object-Oriented interface for displaying 3D graphics realtime, and software-rendered. Currently, the library compiles as a Win32 DLL.
cactus4enhydra	Cactus4Enhydra is an extension of the Jakarta-Cactus Testing Framework for Open Source Enhydra Application Server.
cactusvm	An open source language nuetral virtual machine, aimed specifically at dynamic languages and for interoperability between languages.
cad-mech	Aimed at helping amateur aircraft designers. The main objective is to be able to use materials in a real-world way ie. 1) Basic elements may only be selected in stock sizes. 2) No scaling of parts (if you screw up then you have to start over!)
cad2flash	Cad2Flash is a .NET application which converts AutoCAD dwg/dxf files to Macromedia swf fileformat.
cad3d	The goal of this project is to build a free open source system for geometric modeling, which is based entirely on  subdivision schemes. The subdivision is relative new approach used to design complex surfaces and solids.
cadabra	Cadabra is a 3D Rendering Engine that makes 3D game development easy and is full of cool features targeted at the latest hardware available. This SourceForge.net project features add-ons, demos, and tools for the Cadabra 3D engine.
cadabracas	A field-theory motivated approach to symbolic computer algebra
cadatabase	CADatabase is a console program which lets you manage a list of clients (in the sense of people who have hired your services) and the work to do on behalf of those clients. It is especially targeted at repair shops, like TV repair and bike repair. You ca
cadcdev	Cryptic Allusion Dreamcast-related development: KallistiOS, Ghetto Pong, etc.
cadchup	ViaISN_UP is a set of utilities and menustructure for AutoCAD (LT and full version). It uses Python to get LISP-like functionality. Areas: Mech. Engineering, Architecture, Accident Analisys, etc..
caddaric	3D animation/modeling application with renderman export
cadditives	CADdatives aims to develop opensource additions to the AutoCAD and IntelliCAD platforms.
caddlight	This project is inactive
caddressbook	Addressbook with users. You&#039;re able to add contacts, take notes and plan things in a calendar.
cadeiras	Software to manage student classes from &#039;Department of Informatics Engineering - Faculty of Sciences and Technology - University of Coimbra&#039;
cadencegb	Cadence Guestbook is a guestbook script allowing webmasters to host and manage their own guestbook hosting service. It is easily extendible, and is very easy to use.
cadenza	A multiagent system with elements of artificial intelligence capable of composing and performing its own music.
caderno	Register your classes at school. Keep track of your appointments.
cadex	cadex is a network-sniffer with many functions and features. Sniffing technics for monitoring bluetooth connections are planned for the future.
cadis	pDBForms is a PHP set of classes that gives you a complete environment for creating database information systems. The developer just describes the database fields and the rest of the work like record creation, edition, deletion etc. is made by pDBForms.
cadkit	A collection of libraries and stand-alone header files that aid in the creation of computer-aided design programs.
cadm	Computer Aided Disaster Management (CADM) is an application that helps the leader in taking the right actions. Multiple users may act upon the same set of data allowing leaders on every level to coordinate their actions
cadmin	Cadmin (Courier Admin) is a free software package that provides a framework and associated toolset for managing a scalable courier mail system with virtual domains.
cadmintools	CAD License Tracker with integrated databases, helping administrators keep track of their software users, licenses, servers. Supports FlexLM-driven licensing, eg: Pro/E, Intralink, SDRC, SolidWorks, etc...
cado	Cado is a macro language designed to generate textual source from a common set of canonical definitions, applied to user-defined template libraries. Useful for generating java and other source hierarchies, with related doc, test, xml, and other content.
cadplottool	CAD Standard Plottool is a print/plotting tool written in VBA for AutoCAD. Offering ease of use plotting in Autocad for CAD users based on a CAD Standard. Also offering the ability for CAD managers to create standard Plotlayout in drawings.
cadre	Code And Document Repository Environment (CADRE) is a modern, feature rich software configuration management tool that rivals and exceeds it\\&#039;s commercial counterparts in features.
cadrepalm	... a wireless brainstorming tool facilitated by a server-side knowledge engine ...
cadtools	The goal of this project is to produce an effecient CAD package with separation of functional units into different executables.
cadvent	This project&#039;s goal is to create a  generic adventure/RPG game engine in C(NOT C++).  The main reason is so that I can port Quest to CC6502(C compiler for DOS that compiles M6502 compatible software.
caedo	Caedo HTTPd Webserver is a Open source webserver programmed in Visual Basic .NET - By our next stable release, we will have a Multi-Threaded Server, with the features and power of any commercial HTTP server. WE ARE CURRENTLY LOOKING FOR A DEV MEMBER!
caelestis	Caelestis Crepusculum is a strategy RPG being written in C++ mainly as an educational experience for the project members and to gain experience in game design.
caelum	Caelum is an add-on for the 3D graphics rendering engine OGRE, aimed to render atmospheric effects.
caes	Context-aware experience sampling/ecological momentary assessment software that uses sensors on PDA devices with artificial intelligence algorithms to enable researchers to study people and how they behave in real environments.
caesarfs	Caesar file-system (Cfs) is a stackable file-system that provides encryption of the data stored on the hard-disk/removable media.
caesarj	This sourceforge site is currently not in use and completely outdated. Please go to http://www.caesarj.org for up-to-date information and downloads.
caf	CAF is an object oriented Application Framework for PHP, written entirely in PHP.  This is a framework, not an application builder. It is a programmer&#039;s tool. If you are not a programmer and don&#039;t want to become one, then this is not what you a
cafe-linux	CAFE Linux (Class And Functionality Enumerator for Linux) is a CASE tool which aid the process of design and code generation using visual modeling. This tool helps you in developing the class diagrams using UML notations and generates code accordingly.
cafebabe	CafeBabe is the Editor/Viewer for Java bytecodes and serialized files.
cafechess	.NET cross platform Cafechess  GUI, Validation, engine integration and Parsing library.
cafeine	Cafeine is a object oriented Internet communication framework. Its main goals are simplicity, flexibility and robustness. It is implemented as a C++ framework. Support is provided for Linux and Windows.
cafelog	WordPress is a state-of-the-art semantic personal publishing platform with a focus on aesthetics, web standards, and usability. All development has moved off Sourceforge so see wordpress.org for the latest details and downloads.
cafelord	A robust internet caf? administration toolkit. It attempts to glue together a proxy, firewall, SQL backend with a simple and elegant scripting language.
cafemachine	School project: java program of a coffee machine, educational project with graphical interface, multithreading, ...\nProjet scolaire: machine à café en Java. Développement en multithreading avec interface graphique, ...
cafemgmt	CafeMgmt is a tool that helps you managing your Internet-Caf?.  It is written in Perl and uses wxPerl.
cafemp3	The CafeMP3 is an easy to install and user-friendly LAN Web-based Jukebox wherein MP3/Audio files resides in Unix server, users can search a song from the collections, LAN users listen into one central speaker system, users can create/edit playlists.
cafene	The Cross-platform A. I. Framework For Everyone&#039;s Incredibly Nerdy Enjoyment (Caffeine) project is an attempt to simplify the process of learning AI programming.
cafesip	Session Initialtion Protocol (SIP) is widely used  for  telephone services over the Internet. CafeSip provides a suite of  open-source tools and applications for creating customized SIP services and applications using the Java.
cafesource	Flexible Internet based access and control intended for an Internet Cafe.  Users will be required to sign in through a local web-site in order to get access to the Internet.
cafeto	Implementation of standard of security alerts IDMEF in platform J2EE with WebService, JMS and RMI
caffeinege	This project is a modular and generally useful 3d game engine with integrated physics calculations and expandability.  Expansion includes loading mod files dynamically, maps, and storyline components.
cafix	The Calculator File-Xferer, transfers files from and to a casio calculator through a serial interface.
caflur	CAFLUR is a tool for analyzing chemical reactors. It can generate a HTML report with tables and graphics of Residence Time Distributions. Furthermore, it can calculate some models&#039; parameters and conversions for any reaction order (linear or non lin
cag	The Copybook Adapter Generator will generate a Java object graph based on a copy book, or set of merged copybooks (i.e. header, body, footer). Handles length validation, proper field padding, redefines, etc.
cagcms	PHP/MySQL-based CMS that allows webmasters to control every element of their site design, while still allowing contributors to dynamically and easily create new public pages for their sites, eliminating the complicated template systems of other CMS
cage	&quot;CAGE&quot;, the Computer Audio Garden in Eclipse, is to be an Eclipse-based, Java and XML workbench, for the computer music composer. It will use the Rich Client Platform to provide a basic backbone framework, enabling existing computer music tools
cageclass	CAGE is a Java named entity recognition system that uses lexicons and a variety of orthographic and contextual features.  Geographical named entities can afterwards be used to assign geographical scopes to documents.
cagee	Computer Adventure Game Editor and Environment, multi-platform engine and development system for cinematic, image, and panoramic interfaces, to be extended to 3-D geometric, oblique/orthographic, plan, elevation, etc.
cageo	C++ template class library and Python modules for Computational Analytic Geometry, which define classes of geometry objects in 2D and 3D Cartesian coordinate system, such as line, circle, curve ... as well as relations and transform operations of them.
cagesol	CAGESOL -CAmpoGibraltare?os Entusiastas del SOftware Libre- es una asociaci?n sin ?nimo lucro, cuyos fines son promover el empleo de software libre en la comarca del Campo de Gibraltar (C?diz, Espa?a).
caghanscot	Secure instant messaging chat program written in java using RSA for decryption and encryption.
cagi	CAGI is a group of functions for writing AGI applications in the open source Asterisk PBX software.
cagl	cellular automata opengl visualization.  A simple c-based program to visualize cellular automata.  This program is intented primarily for linux systems, but given time and interest could be ported to other systems.  This program is intented to implement
cagle	CAGLE es una herramienta para los desarrolladores de sistemas GIS, callejeros o que simplemente necesitan saber la longitud y latitud a partir de una direccion,Valido para chile,y otros paises, es geocoding
cah	The aim of ths project is to develop a management system for running SETI@HOME across a local area network.
cahitarf	A utility to extract data from RDBMSs and convert into .arff file format required by WEKA data mining tool set, both interactive wizard and batch working modes.
cahoona	cahoona wants to be an 100 percent java-written, extensible runtime environment for various services, based on a kernel, providing basics like logging facility (multithreaded), configuration managing (on per-service level), connection pooling.
cahos	CAHOS (CAlculdor de HOrarioS) is a schedule calculator that allows users (universitary students mainly) build schedules without problems. It&#039;s made using C++, and has a web-based interface made with php
cai	We believe that it is possible for machines to become self-aware, but may not exhibit human-like thought processes. This project is a quest for conscious artificial intelligence. We will develop prototypes while we go for our main goal.
caidb	Simple, Efficient, Relation Database written in C, consisting of a networked client and server. Also includes simple data mining features
cair	CAIR is an e-learning project that allow users and subjects management. You can associate pupils and teachers to subjects and works for this subjects. There are special functionalities for those subjects related to Robocup development.
cairn	CAIRN is a modular copy and restore program for the imaging of a computer. It copies every file on a computer and figures out how to recreate it from scratch. It is primarily network oriented but is also flexible enough to boot from any possible method.
cairngormflex	Cairngorm Flex Assistant creates all class infrastructure need for using Cairngorm framework in Flex application. It decreases development time and manual source manipulation.
cairnhill	Cairn Hill is an RPG designed to allow the player a great deal of control over his character&#039;s personal development.  Set in Wales in the 1920s, it draws its references from traditional folklore and mythology.
cairo	Cairo sets out to provide an enterprise grade, MRCPv2 compliant speech solution utilizing existing open source speech resources such as FreeTTS and Sphinx-4.
cairo-notes	cairo-notes it&#039;a a nice desktop widget to stick a little note on your desktop, it needs xgl and a composit managaer like compiz.
cairo4pascal	Pascal interface for Cairo graphics library - (http://cairographics.org)
caisi	CAISI is an EMR system based on Oscar but offers more features for support of integrated holistic health-care for homeless people
caisis	Caisis is a web-based medical information system designed to integrate and improve productivity for research and clinical practice for cancer and other diseases.
caissfind	Caissfind is expected to be an independent web searching application based on Google API in Java.
caitlin	An interface to BSD sockets based on the NeXTStep Foundation and Mac OS X, including easy-to-use TCP connection classes, and support for UDP and Unix sockets.
cajachica	Accounting application based on web, for management of cash flow (incoming and outgoing money). The level of complexity of this appplication is medium. The software language default is spanish, but all collaborators in english are admitted
cajax	A PHP class library for writing powerfull reloadless web user interfaces using Ajax (DHTML+server-side) style
cajaxlib	CAjax is a library for building AJAX style web applications, which consists of a javascript package for easy writing object-oriented AJAX logic in javascript, and a set of server-side packages dealing with unified communication details.
caju-cms	Caju CMS intends to be a full featured Content Management System. Its base thecnologies are Hibernate, Struts and TagLibraries and full i18n supported.
cajun	Cajun turns your computer into a car audio device. Supports mp3s, CD audio, Icecast/Shoutcast, LCD/LFD display, keypad or infra-red input.  Supports multiple audio streams, multiple input devices, and multiple displays (each their own size).
cajun-4-win	An easy to use front end for media players in automotive configurations using touchscreen LCD as an interface.
cake	CAKE is built for Delphi, it&#039;s a common interface for 5-6 components related to compression, that means, you can use single code to command all those components, providing open, extract, add, test, convert, find and script loading support.
cake2	CAKE 2 is a project to create a OO programming language/enviroment for PalmOS based computers.  It will have a syntax driven editor which will create assembly language and resource compiler source to be compiled on the PalmOS device.  The CAKE 2 project 
cake4eclipse	Cake4Eclipse if a CakePHP plug-in for Eclipse.  It associates thtml files to the php edit, wizards for project creation, wizards for mvc creation and eclipse controls to utilities such as bake.
cakebox	A set of helpers libraries for the open source CakePHP framework. For rapid development of professional and intuive web applications. Bases on the general layout of the open source Jetbox CMS. (sf.net project)
cakephpcms	A Content Management System (CMS) written in PHP/MySQL with the Framework CakePHP. A listingsoftware, highly scalable with category specific field definitions. Realize every kind of project: directory, gallery, blog... \nJoin the project if you like!
caksan	font to image converter
cal-adventure	An adventure-style game, written in Scheme, set in Berkeley, California.
cal-robotics	The project aims to provide a common forum for developing embedded software solutions for digital robots and share the latest robotics research from UC Berkeley to people around the world.
cal3d	Cal3D is a skeletal based 3d character animation library written in C++ in a platform-/graphic API-independent way.
calabi	An environment for colaborative e-learning based on Wiki and Social Networking concepts. The Social Networking can upgrade the Wiki concept, merging the power of colaboration with the communitarian sense of social networking.
calabiyo	CALabiyo is a shared agenda including a full administration allowing a complete customization. Users can import/export data from Outlook or Sunbird. They can manage one agenda or more and compare them to the other users&#039;s ones. http://www.calabiyo.c
calaboose	CalaBoose, is an Open Source security policy tool developed entirely in Python. It can be used by Security Administrators to set security policies on a Redhat Machine.All version of Redhat are supported as of now.
caladan	Caladan is awebapp handler for the IxAS application server, offering a MVC system. Development activities and downloads have been moved to the Caladan site.
caladar	A small realtime strategy game using OpenGL, focused on economy and production instead of military.
calamaio	Calamaio is a video streaming server to watch video streams in real time through internet connection, can stream JPEG or MJPEG, it works with multi-plexed cards too, like some cards based on conexant fusion 878a.
calamar	CALAMAR is a free Filemaker Database for time billing. It supports multiple customers, projects, time recording method, multiple currencies and VAT.
calamari	Calamari is a support tool for voice-controlled browser and gaze-controlled browser. This tool extracts positions of words, image and table in browser window.
calamitas	Calamitas Linux is an operation system with a x-windows like platform for non-profit organisations for the underprivileged, misfortunenate, handicapped or sick. The primarily purpose is to create a linux distribution that runs on old computers.
calana	Calana is a market-based grid scheduling infrastructure. The system is composed of a central broker and agents close to the resources. The system balances user and provider preferences.
calanda	A PHP script that uses a mySQL database and generates Monthly, Weekly, Daily calendars. It also has the ability to export the calendar to PDF so you can print them off or just save them on your computer.
calarisrpg	The Calaris Role Playing Game (C-RPG) Engine is an engine for developing RPG games, based on a simple yet efficient multiplier and value system to offer a good alternative to the commonly used AD&amp;D system. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;The newest version is: 0
calasan	This project is about implementing Public Key Infrastructure. Calasan is a set of tools which would enable us to manage Certificate Requests and publish Digital Certificates (for CA), make Certificate Requests and Digital ID (for RA).
calbase	A MySQL membership database geared towards California political organizations, with accompanying PHP interface elements.
calbidbms	DBMS allows you to use different dbms (sql, mysql, simple txt-files) on your application using always the same function names. Much useful!
calc-0-9	This is a basic calculator that can add, subtract, multiply, divide, and square.  It can almost convert Farinheit to Celcius.
calc-3d	Calculator with 3D interface
calc-cpp	This is a simple calc written in C++
calc-explosives	Calculate how many explosives (any type) needed to do many types of demolitions. This program run on mobile phones, so it is usefull for Armies because of mobility.
calc-max	Calculator-mAX is a cocoa calculator designed not so much to be useful, but to help those interested in learning to code on OS X using Cocoa. it is very basic, but with help it could be awesome. All you need is a Mac and preferably Tiger (with Xcode 2.0+
calc-o-matic	A calculator for programmers that does conversions between decimal, hex, octal, time, etc.
calc-solver	The Optimization Solver is designed to compute an optimized set of decision variables that either maximize or minimize a given objective function while also satisfying a set of arbitrary constraints.
calc2latex	Calc2LaTeX is an OpenOffice.org Calc (Spreadsheet) macro for converting tables. It makes making tables on LaTeX very easy.
calc32tompl	Useful calculator with options hex, dec, bin, sci, fix, deg, rad. and with history calculation. Programming in C++, for Windows. Create in C++ Builder 6.
calc4base	This software is a calculator that can display in 4-base.
calcchecksum	CalcChecksum is a tool for calculating MD5, MD4, CRC32, SHA1 (SHA160), SHA256, RIPE-MD-160, TIGER, HAVAL (128, 160, 192, 224, 256 with 3, 4 or 5 passes) on files, text-strings or hash-lists generated by md5sum or sha1sum.
calcfinanciera	This project has the intention of builing a financial calculator for advanced operations
calcgames	CalcGames is a collection of cool games for Texas Instruments graphing calculators. Games include a number guessing game and is soon to include other games. If you would like to add a game, please contact us.
calclib	Calclib is a mathematical expression interpretor. It is designed to be as fast as native C code for repetitive operations (eg graph plotting). Calclib has many built-in functions and is easily extended to include more.
calclinux	Linux for your Calculator
calcnz	Just simple scientific calculator for mobile devices (phones and pocket PCs). It&#039;s very small and should work everywhere =). &quot;+&quot;, &quot;-&quot;, &quot;*&quot;, &quot;/&quot;, &quot;x^y&quot;, and some trigonometrical functions are availabl
calcolatrice	This projects is about a new application under win32 system. Recently it has been improved and now is at the alpha version. It will be a very potential calcolator.
calcorportativo	O Calendario Corporativo, permitira que professores universitarios e alunos gerenciem e compartilhem suas atividades pessoais e academicas atraves da internet.
calcrpnpy	Reverse Polish Notation interpreter for use as an interactive calculator in conjunction with the standard Python interactive interpreter.  Easily extended by the user.
calcstock	The calcstock program automates the calculating of stock trends. It allows investors to detect movements such as Gann angles and Elliott waves.
calcsys	Calcsys is a system tool for the TI-73, TI-83 Plus, and TI-84 Plus calculators.  It provides developers with: Hex Editor, Disassembler, I/O Port Monitor, System Flag Editor, Console, VAT Viewer/Editor, and more.
calcul-mental	calcul-mental is a multi-player game based on mental calculation. writen in C# and uses the .NET 2.0 framework, the developement of this project is at its beginning and help is wanted from developers who are interested by the idea.
calculadora	Calculadora básica para Windows características diferentes muy sencilla de utilizar. Cuenta con actualización dinámica de resultados al modificar algún operando u operación, funciones de copiar y pegar, etc.
calculation	Implementation of the popular solitaire card game &#039;Calculation&#039; for Windows and Wine. Features scalable cards.
calculator123	This is an easy to use calculator for free! It does conversions of all kinds! decimal
calculatorplus	Calculator is a small as it says calculator written in C++.  The goal is to write a fully featured calculator which can beat MS Calculator. It will support Win32,Linux,Mac and so far most of the OS on the market.
calculette	Librairie pour grands nombres.
calculo1	Programa para auxiliar estudantes de engenharia cursando calculo 1. Capaz de calcular a equação da derivada, tangente e normal de uma função dada e plotar gráficos dessas funções. Possui uma sintaxe própria e simples para facilitar o uso.
calculon	Calculon will focus on allowing users to build an open-source alternative to a Texas Instruments TI89 Calculator, with the Calculon software, and also with a hardware guide being created on this site.
calculus	A Multi-Platform java program that takes equations and finds multiple different things about them, such as derivatives, anti-derivatives, area between two equations, volume between two equations, as well as other algebra expressions.
calculus-cpp	A functional layer for scientific uses that produces and manipulates real functions as first-class objects.  Includes parts of compilers and symbolic manipulators in a straightforward encapsulation that extends scientific programming far beyond math.h.
calcutor	An open source calculator, that i wrote as my first piece of programming in c#, anyone can use it and/or modify it. Everyone is welcome to use it as they wish( i.e include it in web pages etc.) and i would be thankful for any feedback you could give me.
caleb	This is my playground for open source development.
caleigo-core	A java based database abstraction/object persistence framework. Keywords for the Caleigo Core framework is simplicity, runtime traversable meta-data reflection, model based queries and code generation from existing databases.
calenda	calendario-0.85: a command line calendar with graphical configuration interface, capable of synchronizing with another calendar instance.
calendar-module	OpenCMS Calendar Module. This module provides a jsp page with a calendar of events for the OpenCMS content management system.
calendar-pm	Calendar.pm is an abstraction around the unix cal program written as a perl class.  It seeks to provide perl programmers with an object oriented interface to the cal program.
calendar-script	This is an simple (and free) calendar script. Coded with PHP and by Midgard (bahadir).
calendardate	Designed to simplify the use of dates in Java.  If you&#039;ve ever strugged with java.util.Calendar this small, simple package is for you!
calendario	Calendario is a mobile Oranizer written in Java (J2ME) that aims to support any MIDP1.0/CLDC 1.0 supporting mobile device. The Organizer contains a Calendar, a &quot;Contact Management System&quot; and a appointment-manager and will be  syncable.
calendarioclass	This is a PHP class that helps you to create calendar and organizers. It is highly configurable, letting you choose how many days are in a week, when a week starts, the details of the HTML output, and so on. It also knows about holidays.
calendarium	phpCalendarium is a web application, written in PHP for MySQL, that provides a dynamic calendar with support for daily tasks and events, a forum with threads, and multiple users with authentication.
calendarix	Calendarix is a powerful and easy to use web-based calendar that runs on PHP and MySQL. Is a free version for anyone to use and is under constant development to improve its user interface and to add more features.
calendarmodule	The Calendar Module for PHPNuke and Postnuke
calendarous	Calendarous is rich featured, easy to implement PHP calendar, making extensive use of AJAX and DHTML effects.
calendartag	The calendar tag library provides a simple and easy way to generate an interactive calendar in your java enabled pages.  The library provides quick implementation and fully customizable look and feel.
calendartechniq	CalendarTechnique is a feature rich customizable web calendaring and scheduling application with support for group/shared calendars. CalendarTechnique makes it easy to manage events, tasks and journal entries as well as import and export iCalendar files.
calendarx	CalendarX is a feature-rich calendar and event CMS built in python using Plone and Archetypes.  Event categories (metacalendar) is available now.  Future:  Repeat events,  improved customizability, iCal import/export, group calendaring, enterprise ready.
calendula	Calendula Chat is a IRC Client written initially in PHP-GTK, but that later it could be written in others. It possesss the most varied functions that can be found in other clients, as mIRC, kvIRC, etc.
caleo	Caleo is a Massive Multiplayer Online Race Game.
caleve	This web page is an event calendar which sends e-mail and pop-up messages to the subscriber. The user can post a event. A event scheduler will send a message periodically. The event data is stored in xml format.
calforth	Calforth is a variant of the forth computer language. It will run as a forth interperter, as well as strictly compile an executable. Version 1.3 includes support for the 8051 processor and includes a processor emulator as well.
calgac	Calgac is a music player that use low memory, has small footprint and some extras like id-tag changer, shutdown system, file name changer and &quot;msn messenger now playing&quot; system etc Çalgaç az haf?za kullanan çok özellikli müzik dinlettiricisidir
caliblade	Caliblade is a blade analysis and design tool for small wind turbines.
caliburn	Caliburn is a python module that can be used to hold extended http-conversations with a web-application.  It can be used for testing as in HttpUnit for Java, it is primarily designed for scraping information from web-applications.
calidad	Calidad è un&#039;applicazione di supporto alla gestione di un sistema integrato di qualità per la propria azienda. Supporta la gestione della documentazione nel formato OQD (Open Quality Document).
calidrym	A bittorrent client with a seperate backend and frontend which communicate through xmlrpc. Backend written in c++ with Rasterbar&#039;s libtorrent to provide low resource usage.
califa	Very simple profiler for PHP 3.0.16 scripts.
calimah	Calimah is a Scheduler Service for Windows NT and higher which makes it possible to start processes periodically or to keep processes alive by instant restarting.
calimero	Calimero is a collection of Java APIs that together form a foundation for workstation-based KNX/EIB applications (including remote access and control). The APIs support EIBnet/IP Tunnelling, standard KNX data point types and a simple point database.
calimero-cms	Calimero.CMS is a PHP and PEAR based CMS system and uses a Database (PEAR::DB) for storing web-pages, articles and users. The system contains a fine-grained user-management, flexible creation of newsletters and webdav access.
caliopy	caliopy (ca-li&#039;-o-py) is a document processor that uses a lightweight markup language to produce formatted PDF calculation articles. It runs in the middle of a stack that includes scite and ipython on the interface side and python, python modules an
caliph-emir	Java &amp; MPEG-7 based tools for annotation and retrieval of digital photos and images, supporting semantic annotation and content based, metadata based and semantic image retrieval. The sub project Lire offers a library for content based image retrieva
calipso	Calipso
calis	want to register a project which is a time management system that focusses on long term planning of one&#039;s objective.
calisp	ALisp is a language for writing &quot;partial programs&quot; with gaps in them, together with algorithms to fill in those gaps optimally using reinforcement learning.
calisto	Calisto is an Internet Talker. It is a telnet server that allows many people to connect to it and talk to each other.
calitko	Calitko is aimed to become an extensible software P2P platform for resource discovery and resource acquisition. Using Calitko, the user could uniformly search for resources and their associated services in all of the supported P2P networks.
calixto	FrameWork de desenvolvimento facilitado para PHP5, com gerador de cadastros.
calizo	Calizo is a calendar using a timeline visualization with nearly unrestricted zooming. Thereby historical timelines, family history, and biographical information are manageable in the same way as day-to-day tasks, project management or life planing.
call-blocker	CallerID based phone call &quot;blocker.&quot;
call-desk	Business class call handling and softphone client application.  Built with Java, JMF, and the JAIN sip api (nist implementation).
call-log	CallLog is a call tracking program that can be used in a small office enviroment, or a large call center. It allows you to enter calls, and view and edit calls later. CallLog requires the .NET Framework v1.1 or newer.
call-tracing	Dynamic function call tracing in the Linux Kernel. A Framework to dynamically set probes (using KProbes hooks) and display the full function/procedure trace of a normal process running through all instances in Kernel. The superior of strace (ptrace).
call2arms	A BF2 buddy notification program (service), (utilzing the http://www.BF2Tracker.com website) that will send an email (ie cell phone) when a &#039;buddy&#039; logs on or off, allowing you to join in without having to constantly check.
callback	Asterisk Call Back Features
callbackcode	This code provides a mechanism for a library programer to accept a callback function from the client (library user) that does not depend on the callback function being a global function or static member function.
callblocker	Tired of telemarketers? GreenScreen uses your modem to listen for incoming phone calls, and displays and speaks the caller ID when the phone rings. If the caller is on your &quot;block&quot; list, the software hangs up on the call. Also logs the calls.
callen	This site is to be used for Tracking changes to ASP files.
callerid	This is a simple software, comprised of a server and a client, that can be used together with any IP-phone using the SIP protocol (TELE2 and Bredbandsbolget in sweden). It also retrives information, sush as name, adress, etc about the number from eniro.s
calleridnotify	A simple windows application that listens on a modem for phone calls and parses the Caller ID information given by the modem.  Stores data in an embedded database and allows for custom actions on incoming calls.
calleridsuite	The CallerID ActiveX Control can read caller ID information from any device that supports Caller ID. It raises a Ring event each time the modem detects a change in the Ring indicator, but the control will not answer incoming calls. The control supports m
callfilter	CallFilter applies rules to incomming Phone Calls. Much like a network firewall.
callflow	The callflow sequence diagram generator is a collection of awk and shell scripts that will take a packet capture file that can be read by ethereal and produce a time sequence diagram. This is useful to view and debug SIP callflows or other network traffi
callgen323	Open H.323 Call Generator is an OpenH323 (www.openh323.org) spinoff project for testing and performance analysis in H.323 environments.
callindata	data capture by telephone
callinghome	CallingHome is a small tool that allows you to gain control over a firewalled and thus directly unreachable PC (e.g. your PC at work). It achieves this by actively maintaining a SSH connection from within the firewall to a SSH server of your choice.
callintegrator	callintegrator lets you call someone via your normal phone just by clicking on the phone number in your address book, e.g. kaddressbook. This will initiate a call via a phoneservice like peterzahlt.de or freecall.com
calliope	Calliope is a open-source Web- and Email-based community forum app, oriented towards non-profits and community action groups, incorporating privacy, freedom, no ads, and Majordomo2 integration.
calliopemusic	Calliope is a NeXTStep music score notation editor being ported to MacOS X and GnuStep. It uses Cocoa and the open source MusicKit APIs. Calliope offers good support for typesetting modern and early musical scores, including lyrics and lute tablature.
callistocms	Callisto CMS is an XML/XSL Web-based Content Management System built on AxKit.  It supports WYSIWYG XML content editing, transactional site deployment to multiple target webservers, multiple users, virtual hosting support and other features.
callplot	A tool for drawing &quot;call-flow&quot; diagrams of the kind common in the telecommunications industry. Input to the tool is in a terse textual notation, and output from the tool can be in several formats, including &quot;ASCII-art&quot;, pic format, XM
callrecorder	TVBcallrecorder is a phone call recorder program for the Asterisk PBX(AGI script) and a management webinterface(PHP). It lets you automaticly record telephone calls and store the call information on a MYSQL database (CLIP,Time/Date,Duration,Line,etc..).
calltracker	911 Call Tracker is a Java app that tracks 911 phone calls. It provides detailed reports of: calls per operator/answer times, abandoned calls/ring times, calls over answer limit and more. Provides real-time access to call info,TDD,address, and cell info.
calm64	Calm 64 is a C64-Emulator for the PalmOS-Platform. It requires PalmOS 4 or higher.
calmness	CalMnesS is a Contact Management System allowing you to store all your contact information in one place and allowing you to store special dates such as Birthdays associated with each of your contacts. In short, bringing you a little CalMnesS.
calmosoft	Vista Smalltalk Development : Enhanced Class Browser, Enhanced Workspace, Launcher, ...
calnique	Calnique is a Free and easy to use, All-In-One Custom Calendar and Organizer offering a simple, unique, full screen interface allowing you to easily see your monthly, weekly and daily schedule.
calos	A project to create a set of tools to assist Model Railroaders in the operation of their layouts including the management and simulation of operation forms such as Waybills, Clearance forms, etc.
calpal	CalPal is a free web-based calendar written in PHP. Features include room and equipment reservations, personal profiles, printer friendly pages, personal todo-lists, detailed weekly and daily schedules and much much more.
calrendar	Calrendar is an open source freeware program for rendering print quality calendars in different languages.
calrender	Render your own personal photo-calendar.
calsim	A simulation of the life of a Cal student.  Make virtual choices and see the virtual consequences!
calstats	Set of scripts for monitoring computer availability.
caltrop	An environment for building and executing actor/dataflow models, including support for the CAL actor language.
calua	The easiest way to seamlessly integrate the Lua scripting language into any C/C++ project. CaLua allows you to expose C structures and functions to Lua scripts, and expose Lua functions to C programs, with the use of a few simple C functions.
calvarygdk	CalvaryGDK is a framework that provides Ruby programmers with easy-to-use tools for 3D game development.
calvin	distributed quality control for peer-to-peer
calvingames-se	This project is dead.
calx	Calx is a calculator program based on RPN (Reverse-Polish Notation) that allows you to compute complex mathematical expressions containing brackets, mathematical functions etc.
calypso-mud	Calypso is a MUD codebase written in C. Project discontinued.
calypso2mbox	This Perl script enables users of the Calypso email program to export their emails, including all HTML emails and all attachments, to an mbox format file that can be imported into Evolution, KMail and possibly other email programs.
calypsorcp	A Contact Manager similar to, Act!. More powerful than a PIM, simpler than an Enterprise CRM. Based on Eclipse RCP, initial plugins: Shared Calendar, Gantt Chart, OpenOffice integration, IM, &amp; Email. Custom SWT Controls: Datepicker, Table / TableTree
calyxo	Calyxo encourages in MVC-Model2 Java web application development. It offers support for true modular applications, i18n, flexible view management, a powerful validation engine, and more. Calyxo&#039;s Struts plugins may replace Struts&#039; Tiles and Val
calzoneremix	The Cal-Zone for Postnuke is an extensive Calendar Application.
cam-suite	A webcam and digital camera software suite. Managing photo&#039;s and videos in albums, downloading them from your digital camers. Taking photo&#039;s and making video&#039;s with your webcam.
cama	CAMA (Context-Aware Mobile Agents) is a middleware for supporting mobile agents coordination. It is based on Linda-style coordination and provides numerous extentions for interoperability and fault-tolerance. It supports portable platforms such as PDAs.
camailer	CVSNT AutoMailer is an automatic email notification program for CVSNT. It keeps track of the updates made to one or more source modules in a CVSNT server and provides timely email notifications of these updates to the concerned users.
camaleont	Camaleont is the future of the Content Management Systems. It&#039;s built upon a solid object-oriented PHP framework and it&#039;s fully modular, customizable and scalable. Heavily based on XML.
camaro	Camaro manages cDNA and RNAi screens and their resulting datasets, detects and  visualizes common artifacts, and analyzes the data in the context of a single screen or in a control-treatment configuration of several screens.
camaroes	Camaroes (created to be only a professional modular Ticket system(TSTM), Camaroes is now an advance CMS system, with export and import tools, modules generator, email and logs, easy configuration, dynamique web interface, module manage, work
camatella	Camatella is a simple console GNUTELLA Network client, using NCurses.
camath	CaMath is a common model of &quot;Cost Accounting&quot;,written by C++ and C#.
camba	CamBA is a Linux package for the statistical analysis (by scripts/GUI) of brain images (fMRI/sMRI), developed at the Brain Mapping Unit, University of Cambridge. Tests are non-parametric, permutation-based. Input images: 4D NiFTI files, output: HTML/PNG.
cambiar	It allows you to add, edit and delete pages on your website through a simple control panel, as well as control all the navigation. After you have initially published the files to your webspace practically no ?techno know-how? is needed to manage the site
cambio	Cambio is a computer simulator of a robot with stereo, 3D vision. It is intended mainly as a tool for studying computer vision algorithms, but I might expand it to cover other topics in robotics of interest (sensorymotor cognition, reliability, etc).
camcontroller	The purpose of the Digital Camera Controller Project is to develop interfaces to allow digital cameras to be controlled by micro-controllers.  The Project currently focuses on using the Parallax Basic Stamp, but development using other microcontrollers i
camd	camd (collect all messages daemon) is a simple yet very powerful and fast open source SMS gateway focusing on Multitech Wireless CDMA Modem. camd uses MySQL for the database engine.
camel	A fully customizable shopping cart system created in php with mysql database, includes backend to manage store.
camel-media-lib	Camel is an open sourced sample implementation of the OpenML application program interface.
camelb	camelB is a mod_perl Bulletin Board using a (my)sql-database backend. The software-design is very much focussed on the easy implementation of new features ( support for other databases, freaky output filters, any kind of new forum-functionality).
camelbones	CamelBones is a Cocoa/Perl bridge for Mac OS X. It allows easy access to the Cocoa API for Perl developers. It also allows easy, object-oriented access to an embedded Perl interpreter for Objective-C developers.
camelchess	A Perl Chess program, CamelChess
cameleonp2p	Cam?l?on is a peer to peer (P2P) software based on the ftp protocol with some modification for add chat, search and more.
camelia	Camelia is an IDE for OCaml designed with students and new users in mind. It sports syntax highlighting, tool-tip type checking, clickable error explanations, an integrated debugger, and more.
camelioun	Inactive project.
camellia	The Camellia library is an open source and cross-platform image processing library, written in plain C. It includes a lot of speed-optimized imaging functions (filtering, morpho, labeling, motion detection, warping, color conversion, project/backproject)
camelogh	A weblog system written in Perl, with modules, styles and translations stored in a Perl DBI based database.
cameloid	Cameloid is a new TCP/UDP based P2P voice and video encryption software, that will provide high level of privacy for all levels of communication using only quality secret-key ciphers to ensure long-term security.
camelos	EOS is a library that allows automated XML marshalling/demarshalling of Pascal Business Objects and complex object structures and it&#039;s easy linking to the GUI through the ModelBridge framework. You can use it with Delphi, Kylix and Free Pascal.
camelot	Open and extensible authentication and authorization system implemented in java.
cameloth	PHP based e-shop, modular hierarchy
camelotnet	Camelot is an application for single developers to track issues (bugtracking, suggestion tracking etc.). Compared to other solutions you don&#039;t need a webserver or a database - just the .NET framework.
camelotsharp	CamelotSharp is a realtime packet analyser / parser for the game Dark Age Of Camelot.
camelpack	CamelPack .. a Windows installer to setup a complete Perl development environment including support for building C/C++ extensions.
camelseye	Camel&#039;s Eye is a powerful POP3 email filter. It supports DNS-based Blackhole Lists (DNSBL/RBL), Razor, and rules that search header or body. Features include regular expressions, scoring, deletion on server, automatic whitelisting through an SMTP pr
cameo	Cameo is an intuitive, cross-platform, 3D animation tool which attempts to simplify the typical complexities associated with most common animation software.
cameolight	Cameo is a lighting control program designed for small spaces and not for profit ventures.  Its primary functionality is designed with theatrical lighting design in mind.  Cameo requires the ENTTEC Open DMX USB Interface to connect to lighting hardware.
camera-kombat	Camera Kombat is an opensource fighting game based on computer vision that enables free, unencumbered interaction. In order to enable this level of interaction, images of the users are captured by a webcam and their gestures are recognized in real-time.
camera-xfer	Camera-Xfer is used to move files from a camera into a folder under My Pictures then rename the camera files with the file name format of foldername_###.EXT. (foldername is the folder name, ### is sequential numbering starting from 001)
camera3d	Virtual Camera is an interactive 3D application written in Java, using the Java3D API. The application allows the user to load VRML content, navigate and manipulate objects in a virtual world. A set of useful tools accompanies the application.
cameraassistant	A Photographer&#039;s / Cinematographer&#039;s calculator for qtopia.
camerad	Camerad is a daemon to periodically fetch images from IP security cameras via http, store them  on the filesystem in an organized manner and keep updated a set of thumbnails.
cameraraw	cameraraw is a C based library that provides an API for reading RAW image files produced by various different digital cameras.
cameras	A C++ multi-threaded application for viewing network IP cameras, and other video device supported by v4l2. It uses TrollTech QT, V4L2 and HTTP protocol.
camerashy	Camera/Shy is the only steganographic tool that automatically scans for and delivers decrypted content straight from the Web. It is a stand-alone, Internet Explorer-based browser that leaves no trace on the user&#039;s system and has enhanced security.
camfr	CAMFR (CAvity Modelling FRamework) is a fast, flexible, friendly full-vectorial Maxwell solver. Although it can tackle general electromagnetic problems, its main focus is on applications in the field of photonics.
camgard	Manage sources of video (specially for progressive scan cameras), recording clips where motion has been detected, and allowing those clips to be replayed.
camget	Traffic Sucks. CamGet is a bash script to download images from area traffic camera websites (such as http://www.dpwt.com). This script also adds timestamps to each image, converts image to desired format, and attempts to &#039;normalize&#039; each image.
camgrabber	Webcam grabbing and streaming.
camino	Camino is a free, open-source software package for analysis and reconstruction of Diffusion MRI data. For the latest version, tutorials and more information, visit http://www.cs.ucl.ac.uk/research/medic/camino, or click &#039;mail&#039; to join the maili
caminoqs	Patch to Camino (http://www.caminobrowser.org) that allows searching from location bar ala Sogudi for Safari.
caminotalks	CaminoTalks is a open source, cross platform videoconferencing system. It is designed to work behind a firewall and can have mutiple connections. It works with all popular Messengers like MSN, AIM, ICQ, GAIM. It overcome Netmeeting/H323.Videoconference.
camit	CamIt is a Windows command line tool for continuously capturing a window (or the entire desktop) and saving the video stream as a WMF (Windows Media Format) file. Optionally, sound is also recorded and stored in the WMF file.
caml	CAML (Cellular Automata Modelling Language) is an XML application for modelling Cellular Automata.
caml-rtbapi	Caml-RTBApi is a library for Objective Caml Language to easily implement robots for the realtimebattle game. It offers a layer of abstraction, allowing the programmer to center in the robot logic.
camlbot	A multithreaded irc bot written in Ocaml
camlcss	CamlCSS is an O&#039;Caml SDK to write server-side plugins for a first person shooter game Counter-Strike: Source.
camlgl	OpenGL bindings for Objective Caml programming language.
camlgobot	CamlGoBot is a computer go program using the GTP protocol and written in OCaml. Its main goal is to be used as a bot on the KGS go server.
camlgrenouille	Command line client to test broadband connections and report results to the site http://www.grenouille.com/
camlio	OCaml Input/Output interface and the reference implementation.
camlru	Russian translation of OCaml official documentation
camlserv	This project is a lightweight server written in Ocaml for highly interactive webpages or even online browser based games. The server can already be used as a fast frontend to a MySQL database. The software should work on *nix and windows.
camlusb	An Ocaml binding to libusb, a library to access USB devices in user space under various Unix variants
cammie	Cammie is a multiplatform frontend for Dict.org and for Cambridge Online Dictionary (experimental). It is probably the only user-friendly Dict.org client that works on Linux, Mac OS X and Windows. It keeps history of queries, saves them or prints them.
camnet	camNet is a P2P Network to exchange Webcam images and videos. Therefore the P2P Network is aware of the location of it&#039;s participants and efficient location-based search is possible.
camobile	Create a camera based motion detection algorithm to control the main character in the mobile game.
camotion	Play with any V4L source. Useful for testing webcam, BTTV or DVB drivers and cards, capture snapshots, record &amp; encode a TV program, security monitoring or store an internet-streamed video in your hard disk.
campaign	The Campaign Simulator is an attempt to statistically model and predict the outcome of an American presidential election; several users assume the roles of competitive candidates and inflict the repercussions of certain decisions on a GSS based dataset.
campaign-forms	Campaign Forms is a development framework for annotation of images with logical content. This can be used to generate HTML forms from image-only forms. Written in PHP, uses Javascript and CSS for frontend and uses SQL for backend DB storage.
campaignmgr	campaignmgr provides an interface to track everything relevant in running a political party or interest group: offices, candidates, campaigns, voters, etc.
campaignon	A call center application for generating call scripts
campaignos	Policorp is proud to announce CampaignOS, a state-of-the-art web based CRM system for managing political campaigns&#039; records, events, financials, gov&#039;t compliance and reporting, built with RubyOnRails and fully internationalized (i18n/l10n)
campaigntoolz	phpCampaignTools was a collection of web campaign tools which have been built using PHP/MySQL.  The most active component was a ePetition tool which has now been incorporated into http://www.Back-End.org - another Open Source php/mysql application on sf.
campcaster	Campcaster is a playout/automation system for radio stations. It is made up of three major components: 1) Station, the server backend and web interface 2) Studio, which includes a GUI client for Linux 3) Network, for program exchange between stations
campdms	Camp information management system, including event registration, lodging, donor giving, mailings, rental management, and more.
campodemarte	Sistema Simulador para Entrenamiento Militar de Combate. / Military Warfighting Training Simulator System.
camprocessor	The home of the Oasis CAM processor and Template Editor
camps	Campus Mapping System is a modern web-based mapping system for finding directions on a campus.
campsite	CAMPSITE is a Unicode-based, mulitlingual web-content-management system designed for medium-to-large-size news publications. Issues, copy flow, back archives, as well as subscription management are fully implemented features.
campsoft	Distributed web-based software application to allow childrens camp directors to easily store and manage information. The type of information includes family, camper, staff, medical, accident, travel, payment and charge information.
campuppy	Campuppy is a software that that will act as recipient to alarm notifications over TCP from network cameras - The application opens up a new instance of Internet Explorer on the users Windows XP PC with the video stream from the sending camera in focus.
campus	Development of an open-source intranet solution for educational institutions.
campus-inbox	Campus Inbox lets your students turn in their assignments over the web using PHP and MySQL.  Features include file history, batch downloading and assignment locking.
campusgis	The Campus GIS project has a goal of developing an interactive, extensible campus mapping tool using a public map api.
campusip	Is a web-based software for schools and colleges. This is a software write in Java with hibernate, xdoclet, webwork and other open source also is make with Extreme Programming software development process.
campusmap	CampusMap is a small 3D map applet built under Processing and Java to allow guests and members of a university to explore and gain a basic overview of the campus.
campust3	CAMPUS T3 - A OS Learning Management System based on the OS CMS TYPO3
campy	campy is a graphicfrontend to gphoto2. It is written in Python an uses wxPython for graphical part.
camram	Camram is a hybrid antispam system combining multiple techniques improving the users e-mail experience.
camranbss	Campaign for Real Ale, National Beer Scoring System recording and reporting tool.
camscope	Camscope is a multi-threaded program for acquiring and quantitatively analyzing images from an IIDC-compliant FireWire camera.  It provides an integrated environment for performing quantitative video microscopy for teaching laboratories.
camsh	A command line utility that allows the user to communicate to a PVCAM(R) compatable photonic detection system ( ccd camera ). Features include the abillity to set/get experimental parameters, acquire and write data to file, ineractivly or by reading ini.
camsource	Camsource is a modularized and multithreaded daemon to provide various clients with frames grabbed from a video4linux device. It uses a plugin system to make it possble to use the captured image stream for different purposes at the same time.
camstom	CamStom takes a picture from Dental Camera and save to disk to folder named by patient cards number.\nCamStom robi zdj?cia z kamery dentystycznej i zapisuje je na dysk do folderu z numerem karty pacienta.
camstudio	CamStudio records activity from your screen and audio from a microphone into AVI video files and can also convert the AVIs into Streaming Flash videos (SWFs) using its built-in SWF Producer.
camtracker	Cam Tracker DB is an application that allows remote camera video to be transported over a network and stored in a relational database in small time segments. It provides the ability to quickly access video based on date, time and camera location.
camtrivia	CamTrivia is a highly configurable bot for the Camfrog video chat software for people running Camfrog servers.
camuffo	Free CFML (Cold Fusion Markup Language) interpreter. 100% Java, Tomcat and J2EE compatible
camule	A Re-implementation of the old C64 game M.U.L.E
camus	An Open Source CMS written in Java.
camviewer	The camViewer is a simple application designed for viewing webcams in the net. It works by fetching the image file from the specified internet address (URL). This is a freeware application and there&#039;ll be more comments for educational porpose.
can-ce	This project will be a driver for WinCE to read and write CAN messages of the CAN-Interface.
can-harness	Replace a Vehicle Wiring Harness with a simple CAN network and unified power distribution.  Based on ATMEL AVR microcontrollers and Microchip MCP25050 CAN I/O expanders.
can4qnx	can4qnx is a QNX device driver allowing the user to communicate with other devices over CAN bus.
canaan	an open source repository system for organizations in archeology
canada	Canada is a multi-purpose curses-based graphical visual effects thingy which displays pretty pictures.
canapa	Completely Automated Non-null Annotation Propagating Application
canasta	Online and offline open-source Canasta card game, the client side should be compatible to work with Windows XP onwards and Linux.  The system will be written in C++ and designed using UML.
canavar	CaNaVaR mIRC ScripT
canaveral	Canaveral is a 3D desktop tool for launching applications via clicking on 3d representations of those applications (3d icons/meshes)
canburn	Canburn is simple program for testing directory structure in order to burning it to CD-ROM. It can be used to check files before burning them to CD.
canbus4linux	Modular canbus driver for linux.
cancelbot	BibleBot for XChat. Also a collection of other useful Python scripts for XChat. Translator(TransBot), Dictionary(DictBot), Googling(GoogleBot), Relaying(RelayBot), Calculator(CalcBot), Operation(OpBot), Seen(SeenBot), Weather(WeatherBot) Platform indepen
cancelclock	Tired of waking up only to find out that weather has cancelled your school or work?  Cancellation Clock does the checking for you!  Set it up and Cancellation Clock will check to see if your place of interest has been cancelled or delayed.
cancenswork	Workbench for easier and faster transcription of information from the 1901 Canadian Census into machine-readable form
cancerbero	Cancerbero (the watchdog of the ports) is a portscan frontend based in nmap. Scans the hosts of net ranges every configured interval and it&#039;ll store the results in a mysql DB. Detect changes in ports, services and OS and notice you with an email ale
cancun	Cancun is an implementation of the JCA Connection Manager portion of a J2EE application server. The primary purpose is to allow multiple data sources to be handled transparently, using 2PC, and delegating the transaction handling to an XA-capable TM.
candango	Set of applications modeller uml and database diagrams.
candb-dev	This is a framework for publishing data from a database on a web site using XML, XSLT, Java, and Oracle XSQL for the purpose of supporting non-profit public service organizations.  This project was started by the BASICS ministry in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
candi	Candi is the open source dialer. It CAN DIal and collect different statistics.
candid	Originally written by Ben Weir in PERL, CANDIDv2 is an updated PHP-based interface for managing images searchable by date taken, photographer, description, and people in image.  Images are categorized for a hierarchical browsing.  Users can also upload v
candide	Candide est une navigateur dans les mondes 3D. Il est rapide et permet de travailler sur des grands mondes.
candideblog	Candide aims to be a unique piece of software in an otherwise crowded and monotonous field. Candide (blog) is a unique mixture of OO-PHP, JavaScript and other tricks which combine to create a blog which is both interesting to look at as well as work with
candido	&quot;Candido&quot; is an Italian word that means &quot;candid&quot;, smooth things and feelings... This project contains anything to get a Candido desktop, wallpapers, gtk theme, metacity, xfwm4, gdm...
candidv2	A web-enabled, fully-searchable (EXIF capable) photo gallery, based on PHP, with the ability to assign people to photos as well as photographers and descriptions. GD-enabled to generate thumbnails and rotate images.
candy	A type of network in which each workstation has equivalent capabilities and responsibilities. Each providing files to share with others within the network. Share your favorite music and coolest cd/dvd software.
candy-crisis	A Cool Fun Filled Puzzle Game Of Candy Crisis... Group 4 or More of the Same Colored Alive Candy&#039;s to make them vaporize... Features: Single Player / Two Player / and Solitaire Player Action, 12 Fun Exciting Levels, Excellent Music, Superb SFX / GFX
candy4appfuse	Candy for Appfuse is a set of plugins intended to make your daily\nwork with Appfuse 2.0 more confortable. Its final objective is to allow a developer to forget all about maven2 commands, while giving support for Appfuse best practices.
candycrisis	Candy Crisis: an exciting puzzle game written with C, SDL, SDL_image, and Fmod. Originally on Mac OS, also ported to Winddows.
candygram	A Python implementation of Erlang concurrency primitives. Erlang is widely respected for its elegant built-in facilities for concurrent programming. This package attempts to emulate those facilities as closely as possible in Python.
candylator	This is an accounting program for candy sales.  It stores records of inventory, sales, profit, predicted invoices, etc...  Program saves files in proprietary format and views previous records to build prediction algo.
canfestival	CanFestival focuses on providing an ANSI-C platform independent CANOpen stack that can be implemented as master or slave nodes on PCs, Real-time IPCs, and Microcontrollers.
canfloss	The project is affiliated with WorldVistA
cangelo	A universal site architecture with many modules.  It will include a login, security, recommended directory/file structure, template, database class generator, and more.  Allow site administrators to easily setup a modular and consistent site architecture
canine-ration	&quot;Canine Ration&quot; for help to breeders and all dog amateurs in calculation of every day canine ration and its food value.
canis	Canis is an ego-shooter/RPG mix. Many small stories/adventures that belong to/take place in one big universe can be played by one or more human players connected over a network. Depending on the choosen character they play with or against each other.
canista	Canista brings the popular canasta to the computer with the ability to play it against the computer or against others on the network.
caniswing	CaniSwing is a Java application for quickly choosing and placing furniture on a house 2D plan drawn by the end-user, with a final 3D preview
caniszczyk	A visualization library using draw2d to provide fisheye views for modeling data.
canna-chat	Canna-Chat a Complete Accessibility PHP Chat
cannagrower	This software enable cannabis grower to manage and retrieve statistics about culture, tools included have the goal to help growing indoor cannabis.
canned-vis	An asynchronous data visualization system for client/server operation. Data that is produced on some host in batch mode is viewed on a workstation or PC interactively, but is not squeezed through the narrow link between them in its bloated entirety.
cannibalizer	Procurement and synthesis are a foundation, which enables a whole class of automated usages of the web. For instance, a website conceived as an interactive service can be recast as a WebService, without the original provider needing to alter his website.
cannonball	Cannonball is a car racing game where you participate in the open road Cannonball. You will see your car from a helicopter\\&#039;s perspective. The game features OpenGL rendering, joystick/steering wheel control and realistic car physics.
cannonfodder	A multiplayer Java based rampart clone with additional features to come.
cannonsmash	Cannon Smash is a 3D tabletennis game.
canny	A Smarty-like template library for Ruby.
canoe	A SOA Grid framework running above the Amazon virtualization Web-Services - EC2, S3 &amp; SQS. The framework allows building a SOA back-end to enterprise/web scale applications, without any hardware or data center facilities, only an Amazon account.
canon-d1250	SANE Backend for Canon D1250u2 scanner
canon-fb330p	SANE backend and stand-alone driver for Canon CanoScan parallel scanners (FB320P, FB620P, FB330P, FB630P, N340P, and N640P).  Please note FB310P is NOT currently supported, sorry.  For USB model support go to http://canon-fb630u.sourceforge.net/
canon-fb630u	This project was used to develop an OS-independent driver for the CanoScan FB630U flatbed scanner in the form of a backend for the SANE package. Since integration with the SANE project in 2002, there has been no activity here.
canon-mp110-130	Driver development for Canon MP110 and eventually MP130 multifunction printer/scanner. This hardware is not supported by SANE yet.
canoncam	GNU Canon digital camera utilities for image manipulation in Canon digital cameras (EOS 350D, 20D, 1D, etc.)
canondrv	Linux - POSIX compliant open source driver for the Canon Communication VC-C1 camera
canone	Canone is a fully graphical and animated web interface for the control system of particle accelerator laboratories. Built in PHP and JavaScript using AJAX and SQL.
canonrcwrapper	This project is a .Net library, written to allow easy integration of the SDK in .Net applications. This does not include the SDK. The SDK may be obtained from Canon here (in the US): http://www.developersupport.canon.com/.
canonscanner	This is the repository for experimental driver code for Canon 1220U scanner. See CVS for actual code. canon is for Linux utility. ucanoscan is for FreeBSD
canopen	CANopen opensource Central provides you free CANopen programs and useful information about the CANopen protocol
canopennode	CANopenNode is an open source software stack used for serial communication of multiple devices over the CAN/CANopen Network. It works on 8-bit microcontrollers, is reliable, simple and powerful and is suitable for industrial or home automation.
canopus	Toolkit for generating various kind of code from single descriptive model.
canopy	The Canopy project is an initiative to merge and expand the functionality of Perl-speaks-NONMEM (PsN), Census, Xpose and PopED. The goal is to produce a coherent, inclusive and convenient platform for pharmacometric data analysis.
canorus	Canorus is a free cross-platform music score editor. It supports an unlimited number and length of staffs, polyphony, a MIDI playback of notes, chord markings, lyrics, import/export filters to formats like MIDI, MusicXML, ABC Music, MusiXTeX and LilyPond
canpie	This project defines a Standard API for access to the CAN (Controller Area Network) bus. The API provides functionality for ISO/OSI Layer-2 (Data Link Layer). The CANpie driver is the base for HLPs like CANopen, DeviceNet, J1939 etc.
cansimulator	A Simulator P2P Networks, based on the Content-Addressable Network. It can be used for demonstration and scientific research.
cantainer	Automatically use your Ant-defined classpaths within your Eclipse projects.
cantaletras	Cantaletras is a piece of software for preparing blind children for school. It is unique in it&#039;s design of the interaction between a children, a computer and an educator. Currently in Spanish and undergoing redesign, translations are desirable.
cantalope	CANtalope is an open source reader for the Controller Area Network protocol.  Using this software a developer can read and transmit CAN messages on the CAN bus.  Keep in mind that this tool does require a seperate hardware interface.
cantcl	CANTCL is the Canonical Tcl Archive Network and will provide an online repository for binary and source code distributions of Tcl extensions and applications.
cantera	Cantera is a suite of object-oriented software tools for problems involving chemical kinetics, thermodynamics, and/or transport processes.  It can be used from MATLAB, Python, C++, or Fortran.
cantina	Content management system for J2EE web applications
cantine	Gestion de cantine scolaire initialement développée pour une mairie. Les principales fonctionnalités sont : gestion des familles et enfants et adultes, commandes traiteur, pointages et réservations, ...
cantocomb	A Java library to pull heirarchical data back from a database. How the results are treated can be controlled in a pluggable way, including generating XML or Java objects.
canton	CANTON is a project for creating a plataform/framework for condominium management
cantona	A Java program to generate the character in MUD easily by specify attributes.
cantrace	It is a powerfull CAN (Controller Area Network) Trace Programm. With this Programm you can Trace the CAN-Telegrams(Frames) and send Telegrams on the CAN-Bus.
cantux	Cantux is an admin plugin project for Garry&#039;s Mod (at least 8.4) using LUA.
canu	This is a linux kernel subsystem / char device, which acts as abstraction layer between CAN controller drivers and user applications or other kernel modules. It extends a real or a virtual CAN network and behaves like a virtual CAN hub.
canvas	The canvas widget is a EiffelVision2 widget that supports zooming, panning, and animation of the displayed graphical objects.
canvaspainter	Canvas Painter is a simple graphical paint application with animation functionality and widgits written in javascript for the canvas HTML component. It currently works in Firefox, Opera and Safari with some support for IE.
canvasstudio	Photoshop like digital imaging plug-in for the Eclipse Rich Client Platform. Designed to provide a flexible framework which enables 3rd party developers to extend the application through the use of plug-in technology.
canvasui	CanvasUI is a Lightweight, Compact Java UI.  It&#039;s designed to be small enough for applet use and uses CSS files for configuration.  Implementation is obtained using simple interfaces and event queues.
canver	Canver Software project, phpbb mods
canverportal	phpBB3 Portal is a simple portal for phpBB3 Olympus phpBB3 Portal a.k.a canverPortal which is a add-on modification on phpBB3 Olympus. It&#039;s easy to use and improvable. Portal which is based on phpBB3 Olympus and improved by Canver Software.
canyamo	El proyecto se mantiene actualmente (2006) en javahispano.net. This proyect is hosted now (2006) on javahispano.net
canzoniere	Canzoniere is an mp3 classification tool, which allows users to classify their songs using personal criteria such as artist score, song score and moods (i.e. romantic, relax, party, etc.). Users can then select their mood and play songs that match.
caos	Caos is a Web application in order to create operationnal statistic SQL reporting in a Web Interface.
cap	Realtime construction of audio manipulation chains :: simple plugin architecture :: GTK--
cap-help	A web based web design tool for making quick template designs. The user can than choose to have a more extensive design made.
cap-py	cap-py: A captive portal  for wireless access points with ties to OpenBSD&#039;s PF firewall system.
cap4e	CAP (code analysis plugin) is an eclipse plugin (written in Java) that analysis your java project. It checks dependencies between the classes and packages and gives you a hint about the architecture, reusability and maintainability. (&quot;JDepend 2&quot
capache	This software is for configure apache webserver, in linux os or windows.
capcomvssnk2	The Zero Generationz Capcom Vs SNK 2 Project On Mugen. This Is The Completed Alpha Version, I Am Working On The Beta Version. Contains 59 Characters, 11 Stages, And The Total File Size Is 604 MB. For More Info Visit: http://ww.urlcut.com/zerogeneration
capecode	CapeCode HQ presents CopperOnion, a Prototypal styled PHP Framework for developing high load scalable web applications, designed and built from hands on experience, CopperOnion is working concept in PHP application design.
capel	CAPEL - Code Automatization of Programs by Extrusions Language. A library to add automatized code to your source modules without touching the code you add by hand.
capeopenwizard	The CAPE-OPEN wizard is a collection of Object Pascal classes that implements (some of) the interfaces defined by the CO-LaN. The CAPE-OPEN standard is intended to be a standard used for user written plug-ins in chemical process simulators.
capetown	#Cape_Town Website Scripts are the scripts that power the #Cape_Town on IRC Website which is located @ http://www.capetown.za.org/
capi	CAPI (C Language Algorithm Programing Interface) is a programing interface of data structures and algoriths use c language, it supports multiple task.
capi2mail	Capi2mail is a daemon, that is listening via capi for incomming calls. If an incomming call arrives it send an message to the user. This message could be an email, an netbios popup, dbox2 message or an mythtv on-screen display
capi4yaps	Patched version of YAPS (Yet Another Pager Software) to run on top of CAPI. This project is now hosted on www.melware.org
capicua	this is a replication (mirroring) system based in the famd daemon and sockets for clients comunication.
capiisdnmon	A Capi 2.0 Isdn CallMonitor with ldap name resolution.
capimin	It is a Usermin (Webmin) module for CapiSuite (ISDN FAX / Voice)\nNew: A Webmin module is also available , but with test features only.\nYou can send a fax, view and manage the queues (send, received,voice,etc).
capind	Capind is a program for calculating RLGC matrix of multi-conductor transmission lines of arbitrary shape and dielectric configuration. Capind is based on finite difference method and features easy-to-use input files and optional graphical interface.
capiphone	Send and receive faxes using spandsp library, record, playback and connect calls (conference) with this commandline linux application for capi the CAPI 2.0 interface. Also runs on Embedded Systems (e.g. AR7 or German FritzBox).
capismetaeditor	Since uppercase letters are a small part of text bandwidth, I use them as control characters.  The caps-as-meta editor project applies this idea to a text editor.  Small and easy to re-code, do you really need more than 26 commands?
capisuiteconv	CapisuiteConv is an application for the popular ISDN telecommunication suite capisuite to automate the conversion from the voicebox files to mp3 files in a directory of your choice (maybe a smb share...).
capital	Capital Service Program is kind of mix from bug-tracking to helpdesk system. It specializes on hardware problem/solution tracking.
capitalist	Capitalist is a Monopoly(R)-like board game for 2-8 players. It is server/client based and intended to be played over network. This is the project for the server (capitalist).
capitalresource	The CapitalReSources program can be used to manage stock exchange data (shares, options, indexes etc.), display the stock data graphically (windows or web), use and define technical indicators for a trade system, optimize trade systems
capitol	Capitol Realm Controller will provide basic authentication and directory services for Kerberos realms, similar to Microsoft&#039;s ActiveDirectory or Novell&#039;s NDS.  Initially, the main goal will be towards basic POSIX compliance, but advanced featur
capivar	Capivar Hunter is a simple 3d shooter written in Python/OpenGL intended as a learning platform to Game Development, Python and 3d Programming. Although it should be at least somewhat funny, the main objective of it is being simple and easy to extend.
capivara	Capivara is a graphical file transfer and file synchronization application. It supports network protocols such as SFTP and FTP.
caplisp	CapLisp is a capability security layer for Common Lisp that provides various facilities for secure, distributed computing.
caplot	This is a php_gtk plotting library completely in php.  Goals are convenience of use, speed, and flexibility.  Other goals are definition of callbacks, export to svg,jpg,etc., ingest shapefiles, advanced scientific trend line calculation (regressions, etc
capmac	A repository of the projects of the Austin Mac programmers group.
cappshadowrun	A java-based tool for computer-augmented Pen&amp;Paper roleplaying in Shadowrun. The idea is that this tool will be used in-game as a character sheet and/or gamemaster&#039;s tool while being interoperable with people using traditional pen&amp;paper to p
cappuccino	Cappuccino est un programme de gestion Cybercafe qui utilise une architecture 3-tiers, avec une DB Mysql. -Gestion des comptes prepayes. -Definition simple de la tarification. -Utilisation de la VOIP avec les postes clients. -Gestion des impressions effe
cappuccinomix	Cappuccino Mix is a new way of use e-mail. Storage images, files, movies, documents in mail body. The storage can be online or offline. Developed in Java and XML.
capr-pi	Linux driver for CAPR-PI, low cost ICSP programmer for Microchip PIC microcontroller. Tested on PIC18F8720, PIC18F8620, PIC18Fxx20
capradoc	The aim of Capradoc si to provide developers (mainly web developers) a tool for the autodocumentation of project similar to javadoc but usable with JSP, HTML , ASP.. and other file formats.
caprice32	An emulator of the Amstrad CPC 8bit home computer range.
capros	CapROS is an experimental capability-based operating system, based on EROS, KeyKOS, and Gnosis. Ports exist for the Intel IA-32 and ARM9 architectures.
caps-toggle	Eclipse 3.x plugin to provide case toggling functionality in the various Eclipse editors. Includes general purpose &quot;firstName -&gt; FIRSTNAME -&gt; firstname -&gt; FIRSTnAME -&gt; firstName&quot; toggling and database toggling: &quot;firstName -&gt;
capsaicin	Capsaicin is an OS installer Supplying GTK, ncurses, and raw text console based installs.  The goal of the project is to create a suitable UI to make Linux/BSD/ReactOS installs quick and painless.
capsail	A new open source storage management inititative. The hope is to gather a group of folks who share the same problems and develop an open source solution that anyone can use to manage their data and storage
capsimtmk	Capsim (r) C Text Mode Kernel (TMK), DSP and communication blocks, topologies, libraries and tools for the development of high performance block diagram digital signal processing and communications systems with built in interpreter for scripting.
capster	capster is the first multi-platform GUI napster client. it has more features than even the well-featured windows client. it can be run on windows, unix, mac... any OS for which there is a Tcl/Tk runtime.
capsule	Capsule is an OO programming language that is as simple as Java but has all the features of Java and C++. Capsule code is translated into C/C++ code before being compiled by the platforms C/C++ compiler and all C/C++ code can be included in Capsule code.
capsule-ta0kira	Source code template library for encapsulation of highly-visible program data. Provides storage, access control, and duplication. Enforces modular access pattern, restricting normal functions from object access. Also protects simple objects.
captain-hook	A Linux 2.4 iptables firewall construction shell script designed to be run at boot time, or any time.  Has lots of debugging and tracing options.  Allows lots of flexibility in specification of special chains for Code Red and such.  Handles multiple zone
captainfeature	Captain Feature is a tool for modelling features with an integrated Configurator to specialize the created feature diagrams. The tool was developed for the domain analysis of software system families. Make your experiences in modelling other systems.
captainhook	CaptainHook is a simple plugin framework for writing Subversion hooks using .NET. This project was an internal tool by VelocIT (http://veloc-it.com/) that has been released to the community as an open source project.
captainnmea	A library for working with GPS units in Delphi. Parsing of most NMEA (all hopefully) sentences with a generic entry point for commications libraries of your choice.
captainslog	&quot;Captain&#039;s Log&quot; is a relatively simple irc log parser written in PHP. At this time, it only supports Eggdrop logs. However, we plan to add support for other log formats in the future. It allows logs to be viewed in a variety of manners.
captchanet	CAPTCHA.NET is a .NET project written in C# used to provide CAPTCHA based image authentication. CAPTCHA based authentication is used typically to restrict web application access to humans by forcing the user to enter a series of distorted letters.
captchatest	CAPTCHATEST is a web-based test tool allowing developers to measure the effectiveness of their CAPTCHA designs in a standardized way. Input is to be in the form of uploaded design and output is the clock time with decipherable results.
captcom	Capture port série et udp
captivate	Graphical user interface and backend for a beatmania IIDX score tracker. It is to be the unofficial Japanese High-Score-Online (HOL) replacement. This will track Ex scores as well as tallies for accuracy. Will provide rival mode as well.
captive-ce	Implements a framework for running Windows CE DLLs in an emulation environment (qemu). Primary focus is to implement support for binary only filesystem and network device drivers in a *nix environment.
capture	`capture` is a remote capture software currently designed around the Canon PowerShot digital cameras. It can be used interactively from the command-line, wrapped into a script or a GUI.
capture-hpc	Capture is a high interaction honeypot client that finds malicious servers on a network. Capture monitors the systems state, and checks for changes which malicious resources may cause. THIS PROJECT HAS MOVE TO HTTP://www.nz-honeynet.org/capture.html
capture-it	Capture web pages as images, thumbnails, capture page elements, index key words, Capture it includes a command line and COM based server object designed for end users or developers.
capturedefense	An Open Source multiplayer game.  This is meant as a learning experience for those interested in seeing how a game is actually made.
capturedit	A screen capture / screenshot and edit utility written in java to be cross platform. It allows the selection of an area with instant, inplace markup and annotation ability, then copy to clipboard or save to file.
capturedll	Screen Capture / Shot dynamic link library with composite imaging addbilities. Image Output formats bmp jpeg. png support soon. Written in C++.
capturetf	A really really good Capture the Flag computer game.
capturetv	capturetv is a simple bash script which simplifies the process of capturing TV  via  MEncoder. The script also optionally calculates the optimal bitrate depending on how many minutes you want to burn to CD and burns it.
capturewebvideo	use for capture video and sound data from web cameras and write to avi file (other type of file and pictures in prospects).
captus	A packet capture and injection library for python.
capuni	&#039;cappucino&#039; is an open source, cross-platform (Java-) software solution for running a stock-market-alike caf?.
capwap	The project is an implementation of CAPWAP agents for WTPs and ACs.
capybara	Scripts for downloading, configuring, compiling, and packaging software.  The goal is to create a complete linux distribution, but you can also use it to add software to an existing distribution.  The files of each package are encapsulated with &quot;epk
car	Car is a library and program for creating archives from sets of files and reading files from an archive. Archives are accessed with functions similar to the stdio functions in C (fopen, fread, ...). An archive can contain directories and symlinks.
car-calculator	Console based application which should compile on any system supporting c++. Includes calculations like blood alcohol content, 1/4 mile run, liter conversion, etc.
car-companion	Car Companion is a tool to track the maintenance that needs to be performed on the users car.  Users can create custom maintenance items and generate reports and a sticker for their car.
car-dsp	The goal of this project is to build software for a car dsp system to simulate surround sound, which works fine with available car radios and amplifiers. The system will be based on a uC-Linux system (i.e. Analog Devices Blackfin).
car-front	Plugin based carpc framework.
car-j	Ferramentas de desenvolvimento e aplica??o de Reportagem Assistida por Computador. Develpment and application tools for Computer Assisted Reporting.
cara	CARA (*CA*RMEN *R*DF *A*PI) provides an API for the Resource Description Framework (RDF). The API is based on the graph model of RDF, supports in-memory and persistant storage and includes an RDF Parser.
carabiner	Carabiner is a suite of Java tools designed to facilitate the practices of an Agile software developer.
caracois-cms	This is a simple CMS - Beta
caracoles	A minimal Website/Blog manager. Uses PHP and textfiles database.
caradownloader	CaraDownloader est un programme qui ?mule un serveur POP (compatible avec presque tous les clients POP). Il permet de chercher tous les nouveaux message d&#039;une bo?te CaraMail. T?l?charge aussi les pi?ces jointes et les images.
carafe	Carafe is an efficient implementation of Conditional Random Fields in OCaml targeted towards text processing applications (eg named entity tagging).  Features include: Voted Perceptron and BFGS training, feature induction, an SGML/XML parser, and more.
caramba	This is an IRCd developed strictly out of boredness. Based on hybrid-6.0
caramba-	An IRCd written in mIRC with many of the same features as bahamut.
caramba-rss	A mobile RSS reader written in J2ME. Feeds are downloaded in background, allowing a fast and fluide experience. The project also includes a fast AJAXed web RSS reader to be used when the J2ME client is not necessary.
carambola	Carambola is a web-based interface for administration of single sign-on environments powered by a LDAP directory.
caramp	A mp3player, you can controll it over a lcd. It is perfect for your car when you have a pc in your car ;-)
carampop	Carampop permet à votre logiciel de messagerie d&#039;accéder gratuitement à votre boîte @caramail.com en utilisant le protocole POP3.
caramush	CaraMush is a text based caramail client for linux written in C, it use ncurse, pthread and glib... With this software you can chat on Caramail server. It look like BichtX.
caranou	Online multiplayer Billiard/disc like game based upon Couronne
carassius	Carassius is an Email client unlike any other. In addition to a new intuitive approach to the regular email protocols (POP3, IMAP, SMTP), Carassius also handles the major Webmail services including Gmail, Yahoo! Mail &amp; Hotmail.
caravan	Universal Database migration toolkits; Database Cross migration toolkits.
caravel	Caravel is a modular, enterprise-level Content Management System with an intuitive user interface, designed to allow non-technical users to maintain website content. Caravel allows admins to centrally maintain thousands of sites off one code-base.
carball	CarBall is 3D multiplayer game, where your need to goal ball to the opponent gate with tractor. Game based on Newton Physics and rewrited GUNgine.
carbcounter	This is a Java J2ME application for counting carbohydrates (carbs), protein, fat, and calories in common foods and beverages. It should run on most mobile phones and PDAs.
carbine	Carbine is a library which makes the parsing of XML files into object structures very simple. The tags you want to include in your XML file are easy to define and set up classes for. In addition you can also set up references within the XML file so that
carblog	CarbLog is a Palm OS based nutrient tracking system. It has been designed specifically for people following a low-carb diet, but due to the flexible nature of its design, may be used to monitor the progress of many popular diets.
carblue	This is a research project to design a new driver for RARS (http://rars.sourceforge.net/).  The ambition is to create a driver that will compete very well in both sparse and dense traffic.
carbon-network	This is a P2P network where all the people share data about his efforts to reduce the global warming. Every goverment and NGO will be conected to share his data of carbon levels , and his actions to counteract the problem.
carbon-xemacs	A new Mac OS X/Carbon port of XEmacs 21.  This port makes use of the latest Mac OS X technologies like ATSUI, ATS, and Quartz 2D.  It provides full support for GUI elements such as frames, fonts, colors, mouse, menubar, toolbar, etc.
carbonado	Carbonado is an extensible, high performance persistence abstraction layer for Java applications, providing a relational view to the underlying persistence technology.
carbonas	Carbon AS Community Edition is an enterprise grade open source JEE 5 compliant application server with full support for SOA. Carbon AS CE is a part of Carbon Suite of products.
carboncopy	Carbon Copy is a tool for installing and configuring Linux on a number of roughly identical x86 machines, based on a prototype machine.  CarbonCopy is uses Expect, Etherboot, and root-over-nfs.
carbondev	Carbon, A txtSQL based CMS system that is fully loaded with features.
carbonecar43	An Api for voip in a messenger
carbonfive	This SourceForge.net project serves as repository and distribution point for Carbon Five Open Source software and documentation.
carbonframework	The Carbon Framework is the second generation dependency based application plugin framework derived from the Razor Framework built using the Microsoft .NET 2.0 Framework.
carbongrabber	OpenSource CarbonTrapping project
carbonite	Carbonite is a transactional, persistent object repository for dynamic objects. Apart from the initial setup, all the interaction between Carbonite and the application is done programatically, at runtime. All objects can be modified after creation.
carbonr	This is a php bases dynamic site enabling proxy and many tools for evry one who has problems with their ISP blocking certain sites!!
carbuncle	Project Carbuncle, based on phpnuke, will introduce a new meaning of content management and its presentation form. Most focussing on existing websites that allow to share legal stuff (eg, video&#039;s, music, blogs anything you can come up with).
carbuntu	Automobile GPS, MP3, Bluetooth Cellular, WarDriving multimedia platform based on Ubuntu. Basic purpose Touchscreen driven Car Computer. Solidly based on Ubuntu, Oxine, and RoadNAV.
carbux	This project implements the TransSkel API as a wrapper around GTK. The goal of the project is to be able to compile simple programs written for Carbon with TransSkel as graphical framework under GTK.
carc	Complete Audit Report Center (CARC) is a cross-platform interface to help with the audit of servers, files, and applications.
carcara	Database, Uml and another diagrams modeling tool. It is intend to be a integrated application that synchronize all diagrams with the final product( Databases, Code, Documents ).
carchallenge	Arcade car game made in Shockvawe for the world wide web.
carchipdotnet	This is a .Net wrapper around the CarChipSDK.dll library from Davis Electronics. This allows a .Net application to easily interact with the CarChip.
carconf	Tool for choosing car parts from a database with 3D visualization, cost and security analysis, and optimization algorithms.
card	This will be a game devoted entirely to making a skill-driven card game; details in forums
card304	This is a card game called 304.  304 is very popular in Jaffna (Sri lanka) region.
cardalog	This project will design a data format and several tools to manipulate data related to cataloging sports cards.
cardboard	A Java web application that provides the features and behaviors offered by an Agile story wall.  The application tracks the states of stories, tasks, and bugs from iteration to iteration.
cardcol	Multi-player card games which can be played over a network or against the computer. Contains the games Buraco (from Venezuela), Røvhult (aka Shithead), Sgt. Mayor (aka 3-5-8), Jabberwocky, Twopart (from Norway), Hearts and Machiavelli.
cardgames	Card game engine with modularized game rules, played against an AI.
cardgamesme	CardGamesME is a framework for the easy development of card based games on J2ME enabled devices. It will include a runtime, a rule engine and a network stack for multiplayer card games and a example implementation of a game.
cardinal	The CARDinal is complete project for management of smartcards, devices and communication between smartcard and device. Support various readers implemented into plugin&#039;s API with a simple communication protocol.
cardinalcms	Java based, multisite, multilanguage, easy extensible content managament system. It is served as fast development framework for new sites. Content and functionality delivered by modules, which is mechanism of extendability.
cardkeeper	Card Keeper is a project to create a windows-based program to maintain Magic: The Gathering (c) card collections.
cardkiosk	Magnet Card based authentication kiosk for computer lab login.
cardme	An implementation of RFC 2426 - VCard. This groupware library will provide java applications with a way to read and write vcards from the vcard file format and also to store them in an sql database.
cardowiki	A PHP wiki application clone of MediaWiki, the wiki software that runs Wikipedia. It allows for fine-grained control of security access as well as the creation of custom namespaces of links for specialized display. Requires PHP4 and MySQL.
cardplay	Web-based card game that writes stories
cardriver	A 3D car driving game using OpenGL and GLUT. The code is completely in C and only homebrew physics are used. The car has environment mapping and texture mapped shadow. Refer the readme.txt for more information.
cards24	Draw 4 cards, use +-*/ to make 24. Enjoy the math work.
cards304	An implementation of the popular card game &quot;304&quot;
cardshark	CardShark is a software package that includes a utility for creating and organizing playing cards and an interactive environment for playing games with those cards via the internet.
cardsort	Card Sort Kit provides a set of tools for conducting and analyzing card sorting tests.  The kit includes files for creating cards and collecting data as well as a cross-platform desktop application for viewing the results of the tests.
cardstock	A Perl script which maps EPS images to business card stock (e.g., Avery brand), labels, or other print media.
cardsword	The Cutting Edge CardSorting Solution.
cardtable	CardTable is a program to play regular or customizable card games over the internet. Though not nearly as exciting as playing in person, it tries to give that feel when you are playing someone who might be across town or across the world!
cardtableemu	Our project will create a cardtable, then allowing users to connect to it via TCP/IP. It will allow the players to play virtually any cardgame available. The cards will be moved using drag &#039;n&#039; drop, like the standard windows game.
cardtest	CardTest is a software used to diagnose flash cards such as CF, SD, etc through a card reader, it also can also be used to detect floppy bad sectors.
cardwin	This Program was written to give a Linux user an Applet to access the data file the CARDFILE.EXE Windows 3.x applet creates: to edit, add, and delete cards. It is currently written in C, using the GTK widget set.  Some modifications/completions required.
cardwizard	This game is a card game which is known to me as &quot;Wizard&quot;. It is similiar to the game &quot;SKAT&quot; but not that complex. So it should be easy for children but makes even fun if you&#039;re a fullgrown :) This game is a Internet game without
cardz	Cardz! is a card games creator. It allows users to create multiple cards games in a simple way and to distribute them freely. The software uses script files, easily modifiable, and a simple language to build an infinity of card games !
care2002	Integrated Hospital Information System. PHP,mySQL,PostgreSQL. Surgery, Nursing,Outpatient,Wards,Labs, Pharmacy, Security,Admission,Schedulers, Repair, Communication &amp; more. Multilanguage, WYSIWYG forms, userconfig, embedded workbots. Modular &amp; sc
care2x-plugins	The Care2x Project gives the possibility to include external applications independant of language (C++, Java, PHP...) additional packages as Plugin or Module. Read the &quot;White Paper&quot; [Docs]
careerplanner	CareerPlanner is a career planning web application - a free Open Source software package designed to help parents and students(from the age of 3 till 60 years old) create effective carrer path online based on our sound domain knowledge.
careersangi	The State of West Bengal in India has advanced much in the field of higher education. Our objective is to help the layman, specially the academic class with a Geographic Information System providing all necessary information about these institutions.
careforkids	Care For Kids is web-based system to track orphans and vulnerable children, their stays in households and the care they receive from volunteers and organisations. Reports can be generated to get an overview and better picture of the care provided.
careis	This application will be designed for companies working in the private nursing service sector, esp. complementary services such as hairdresser etc. Main components of this application are partner management, administration, accounting, marketing and stat
carengine	Context Aware Routing Protocol Implementation, for creation of wireless Ad-Hoc message delivery networks. Java based.
careplan	Careplan is a web-based software, for build nursing careplans using NANDA NOC &amp; NIC database. With a complete TODO list to be cecked. It will become a module of the famous CARE2X project.
careps	Computing the Automata Rule for an Evolving Physical System (CAREPS) is an undertaking to see if the rules of CA directly correspond to anything in nature.  The goal: approach CA validity from a scientist&#039;s perspective where experimentatio
carfree	carfree is a web-based application to track transportation usage.  It was originally developed for Madison Environmental Group&#039;s annual Car-Free Challenge.  End users  log their daily trips.  Administrators download accumulated data.
caribou	Caribou is a Java application that complements MUD clients by providing real-time monitors of game information (such as channel discusions and group status) that are displayed in separate windows. Caribou works with any MUD client that produces text logs
caribou-p2p	Caribou is a peer to peer software design for general purpose p2p communication (file sharing, messaging, news), based on Gnutella2 protocol.
carijo	Carij?&#039;s objective is to explore Java technologies for game development, showing how Java can be used to take the best benefits from its platform.
carila	A Swing-based High Level MVC Framework with more component for standard MVC and many others (validation, only number/currency edit, required/not required fields etc)
carl	The Code Analysis and Refactoring Library helps development environnement analyse C/C++ code and provide common refactorings.
carl-lib	The C++ Advanced Runtime Library (CARL) is an alternative to the C/C++ standard libraries aiming at the high-level APIs and easy usage.
carlix	CarLix ist eine Bedienoberfläche für sog. CarPCs die mit Linux laufen.
carlpsx	Sony Playstation Emulator For Windows/Linux/PSP
carlyle	A fully searchable file index and content database designed to run primarily on ARM-powered RISC OS computers. It uses a system of parsers to examine the contents of files. It is near-POSIX compatible and can be ported to other platforms.
carma	CARMA VPN is a network management program written in PERL and CGI to assist in the implementation and management of a large fully meshed, fault tollerant, VPN network.  The base network platform that CARMA VPN was developed for is Cisco IOS.
carman	The Car.Man project provides tools for viewing, testing, recording and analysing data obtained from OBD-II (On Board Diagnostics) present in the great majority of modern vehicles.
carmanager	Capture and monitor your petrol consumption for your cars on your MacOSX system. Sync the data to our web server and access the data anywhere.
carmen	CARMEN provides modular software for mobile robot control and navigation including: base and sensor control, obstacle avoidance, localization, path planning, people-tracking, and mapping. Language: C / Dependencies:gtk. See: http://carmen.sourceforge.net
carnage	Carnage is an arena-style driving game that will focus on big jumps, big crashes, and lots of car on car carnage.
carnatika	A software that would make music composition very simple by generating pseudo random tunes based on various paramaters like moods and particularly based on south indian classical music &quot;ragas&quot;.
carnaval	Carnaval est un logiciel destiné au calcul de masques et d&#039;ensoleillement. La version actuelle permet de calculer les trajectoires solaires et les masques de terrain liés au relief (modèle issu des données SRTM).
carnigee	Library for the design of hardware algorithms and post 32bit chipsets
carnival	a GUI for the Festival speech synthesis program
carola	CAROLA - centralized automated rollout architecture
carolinaxmlcms	This CMS use XML to store every data. The public part is published using mainly XSLT. The CMS use a mag principle with issues, articles and re-usable automated data. The content could be stored/published/send by mail.
carolsolitaire	A simple solitaire card game written in Java using AWT and Swing. Based upon the MVC design pattern.
caronaweb	Web site para busca e cadastro de caronas baseado em sistema de grafo dirigido
carpathia	Carpathia Backup is a Windows user profile backup tool. It allows easy store, restore and domain/AD migration functions for profiles. Also join and unjoin functions for AD/domains, to support the PC replacement process of companies.
carpc	A Win CE Car PC frontend
carpe	CARPE (Retriever And Parser Extensible Classes) is a set of cross-platform PHP extensible classes intended to retrieve data from multiple kinds of local and online sources, parse it into custom formatted data and distribute it to multiple destinations.
carpenter	A development and build environment for Ant scripts, including a source editor and a graphical editor
carpenterbrowse	CBrowser is a beta internet browser that is a alternative to internet explorer
carpentry	3D Level/Scene Editor using a simple XML-based file format. Ideal for simple games.
carpincho	Portable and simple program for text and files encryption (Symmetric, Asymmetric and Steganography)
carplayer	CarPlayer is a simple open source mp3 player suitable for everything from 5&quot; to 21&quot; monitors. Scriptable objects, fonts, colors and skins makes this ideal for a home theathre PC (HTPC), Car stereo, kitchen computer or other media computer proje
carpool	Carpooling (ride-sharing,lift-sharing) is shared use of a car. Check wiki for more info. The software is for internal use inside a big firm. Web based OS independent tool. Doesn&#039;t use US.Patent @ http://www.carpoolworld.com.ss
carps	User Program Administration for facilities involved with data collection at synchrotron radiation facilities.  The project includes tracking for research groups, users, samples, chemicals, proposals, trips, etc.
carputer	This program allows the user&#039;s laptop to act as a trip computer displaying fuel economy, speed, and other information about a car which is connected through a hardware device to the parallel port.
carputermp	Carputer Media Project (CMP) is a school project soon to be started. The whole idea is basically to code a media player for my carputer. The only purpose at this moment is to support MP3, I may come to include FLAC/OGG as well.
carputeros	A simple GUI interface written in C using GTK+ for controlling an in-car computer.  Supports multimedia playback, GPS navigation, wireless internet connections via wifi or a bluetooth phone, and can allow additional features through plugins.
carrier	carrier - automatic file transfer
carrierclass	CarrierClass.net is the Free Software, large-scale, highly-available communications system for the enterprise, higher-education, non-profit, and governmental entities.
carriergrade	CarrierGrade is a back-end process engine. It is intended to be used to aggregate process automation, EAI, and work-flow into a single highly durable engine. CarrierGrade also provides a robust object model for the modeling of business processes and part
carrierwave	CarrierWave is an object container for Adaptive Object Models. It provides a means to identify objects, generate type equivalent client side classes, and an API allowing clients to remotely select, modify, delete, and invoke server side object graphs.
carrion	This is an ECAD toolkit for building programs and scripts to solve problems encounter in chip design.It currently addresses the layout, circuit and logic design areas.
carrot2	Carrot2 is a Search Results Clustering Engine. It can automatically organize (cluster) search results into thematic categories. Carrot2 combines well with indexing and search engines (OS and proprietary). For bug tracking see: http://issues.carrot2.org.
carrycapacity	Calculates carrying capacity based on strength.
carryoutlite	An easy to use, cutting-edge, to-do list manager made for multiple projects.
cars	cars is a simple game where you crash into certain cars while avoiding getting hit by others, within a circular arena. You can collect power-ups that allow you to be temporarily invincible and wreck any car by crashing into it.
carsharesystem	CarSharing System. This system will hanbdle the scheduling, invoicing, member management and administrative requirements for a car sharing system. It is specifically designed for sharing of vehicles, and includes fleet management applications.
carsharing	A Google Maps based car sharing portal. It helps car drivers finding a travelling companion who they can share fuel costs with. Besides, it helps passengers finding a car owner who goes to the same place at the same time.
carsharsys	A car sharing system.
carshop	This software is intended to be used in car repair shop&#039;s and car maintnaince shop&#039;s as free software, fullfiling a lack of software for these efects
carsim	Traffic Simulation System - autonomic cars travelling in a predefined universe.
carsole	A car pc console that uses SDL. This is used to control the car pc to support mp3, gps, bluetooth, movies, etc. The project strives to have a simple mouse free, keyboard free user interface, for example using the griffin powermate.
carsovu	The Virtual University is a e-learning portal that facilitate the university knowledge and student management. It is designed in .NET framework and can be easily extended with modules.
cart	Cart is the CRT\\&#039;s RETS Tool.   Cart can browse a RETS server, perform searches and save search results to an excel or HTML file.  It also has a Java rets-client library that is portable.
cartagena	Cartagena is a race-type board game (like Hare &amp; Tortoise, or even Chutes &amp; Ladders). The game handles (or will handle) both network and hotseat multiplayer games, with both console (curses) and GUI (wx) interfaces, as well as AI players.
cartapus	Content managing system developped in PHP, using php5.
cartasst	The goal of this project is to create a terrain/elevation mapping application suitable for the creation of fictional geographic maps of all varieties.  Stress will be made on the ease of use of the application, with features to be added later.
cartcentral	Cartoon Central is a project to tranform all kinds of picture in a cartoon like picture.
carte	A report template engine that generates reports in text (including HTML or XML) and PDF formats, with tables and graphics. It is extensible in the sense that you can easily provide your own report modules.
carte-arda	La Carte d&#039;Arda est un atlas interactif de la Terre du milieu de Tolkien (Tiers-Age). Il y a plus de 300 l?gendes expliqu?es. Enti?rement en fran?ais. Pour Windowset Linux. Ne n?cessite aucune installation.
carteblanche	Project to port the game &quot;Carte Blanche&quot; so linux users can run it. The software to enable the game to run on linux will be released as open source. Game information available here: http://www.absurdus.net/carteblanche/game.htm
cartel	Cartel is designed to be a CMS along with being a client extranet/portal. Written in Java, it will work with any JDBC capable RDBMS, and is platform independent. (Developed on Win2K/Linux using Tomcat &amp; PostgreSQL)
carthag	Carthag is an open source applications platform written in PHP 5, making full use of the new language features. It is the platform component of the Solarix iConnect Architecture. Development activities and downloads have been moved to the Carthag site.
carthag-wui	WUI - Web User Interface - is a PHP 5 and Carthag based web widgets engine. It is compliant to Web Standards and produces XHTML/CSS2 documents. Development activities and downloads have been moved to the WUI web site.
cartier	Cartier is a MUD Mapper and intelligent assistant which extends the capabilities of any MUD client. It features a graphical map, visual navigation, path finding, scripting support, automapping and direct communication with other players running Cartier.
cartodygen	cartographic web site dynamically generated
cartoff	CartOff is a .NET 2.0 port of the public domain USGS GCTP software, with datum transformation added. Coordinates may be converted between latitude/longitude to or from local grid coordinates for several common projections.
cartographer	Cartographer is a simple,efficient object relational mapper engine. It provides rapid access to relational data using lightweight data and factory java objects.
cartography3d	Cartography3D is a 3D terrain editor designed for game development. Creative tools used for painting and sculpting in Cartography3D help you create your own virtual landscape. Written in C++ and uses the OpenGL graphics library.
cartopia	The open-source automotive computing environment
cartoreso	CartoReso intends to facilitate enterprise computer network mapping.
cartowifi	CartoWifi is a collection of php classes for wireless usage : displaying maps, computing distance between 2 nodes, link profile, user maxtrix with visibility checking and many else. keywords : php wifi wireless cartography maps GIS
cartunes	carTunes is a collection of programs designed to communicate with Apple&#039;s iTunes (Windows) to allow better control in a car or other environment where the use of input devices, such as keyboard, mouse and monitor, is limited or unavailable.
cartwheel	A project to develop an integrated and open bioinformatics framework and environment.
carvingdbg	Carving Debugger is a debugging tool which support win32 user level (ring 3) debugging.
carwars	CarWars is a 2D top-view car game such as SuperCars, Death Rally, GTA.
carworld	Car World is a car driving simulation/demo using simple mechanics. it uses SDL as multi platform windowing toolkit and OpenGL for rendering.
carx	CarX - Automotive PC User Interface and Application for integration with car control, instrumentation and audio/video systems.
cas	The Community Application Service is a tool for creating on line, geographically based communities.
cas-extend	An extension of the cas-client that allows for extra customization and integration with a servlet container&#039;s JNDI context.
cas-robotics	This projects deals with different robotics algorithms such as motion planning (navigation) , vision SLAM, vision algorithms, and mapping.
cas-ttcs	Centre Administration System - web-based mysql database application for handling hotel style administration needs
casa	A daemon for monitoring and controlling X10 devices, using the CM11A serial port X10 adapter.
casa-domotica	Ecco come domotizzare la propria casa:Verrà usato il BUS CAN,le onde convogliate, ZigBee,i PIC18fxxx, un display touchscreen e la FOXBOARD come server per poter gestire la casa da remoto. A questo progetto possono collaborare tutti.
casa-ip	A shell script to email administrators your outside IP detected by a linksys router.\nSuitable for use in a cronjob.
casabrasil	Sistema de gerenciamento das unidades Casa Brasil. Especialmente controle de pesquisa realizada.
casandra	Casandra is a real time 3D engine writen in C++. It currently supports an OpenGL implementation, and it compiles under Windows with GCC. It&#039;s still under development, and the future releases will include more features, like Linux support and a D3D i
casanova	A Microsoft MSN Messenger client/library in Java
casapro	tool collection to manage files and stuffs on a filesystem
casares	Base model for a multiagent labor market artificial society
casatanza	Casatanza ist eine Tanzperformance für 250 Schüler
cascabel	The Cascabel Framework is the basis of a ticket tracking system. The command line and back end support is written in Python, the web interface is written in PHP, and it currently uses the MySQL DBMS.
cascadashop	cascadashop is a shop system which comes with two parts. One part is the GUI using WxWidgets that allows you to configure the shop for your needs and the other part is the shop written in PHP that uses an own template engine to give it the look you want.
cascade	Cascade allows you to easily maintain a web-based Yahoo-like directory of resources using web-based forms.
cascades	Cascades is a Python-based framework for sensor networking applications. The aim is to reduce complexity while maximizing productivity and reusability. The hope is that this project will make coding an afterthought of sensor network research &amp; apps.
casclient	A client-side implementation of the Central Authentication Service (CAS) protocol for use in Java web applications. Additionally, provides several servlet filters, permitting easy integration with nearly any Java web application.
casdg	Code Anywhere Software Development Groupware.  The CASDG is developed by members of SFOST (Sunflower Open Source Team).  SFOST is open to all members of the public to join so long as they agree to terms and conditions.
casdotnet	Implementation of Yale CAS (Central Authentication Service) for ASP.NET
casebook	CaseBook is a collection of XML Schema, Transforms and Queries allowing modeling  of an application&#039;s controls, pages and states at a high level, in order to generate documentation for manual testing.
caseclosed	A web-based bugtracking, issue management and resolution system written in java.  This project uses many popular frameworks, such as: Webwork2, Hibernate, Spring, etc.
casefaster	CaseFaster is an PHP application accessing another application for case management. It automates tasks, caches information and speeds up team work. It is totally transparent for the distant application and uses CURL.
casemansoft	Central Case Management System (CCMS) is designed to allow multiple organisations and paralegal offices to access, input and modify a central database of case records.
casereport	Find case inconsistencies in the source tree. May be useful for porting applications in any programming language from case-insensitive (like Windows) to case-sensitive (like Linux) runtime environment.
casereporter	The purpose of this program is to provide a comprehensive client and legal case information management system to assist small, medium, and large law firms in all areas of pratice.
casestudy	This is the home of development for the Linux Internation case study repository.
casethreads	This project is intended to provide computerized support for professional offices that create letters and documents on behalf of clients and track the time invested in such work. The software tracks the clients and the work performed on their behalf.
casetrack	Web-based case tracking system for Baha&#039;i institutions including meeting, agenda, minutes and basic document management.
cash	Small application/game to learn to count coins quickly. A number of coins will be displayed on the screen and the total amount has to be entered. Currencies can be added simply by placing images of the corresponding coins into a configuration directory.
cash-crash	Deal or No Deal clone. Select one of twenty-six cases, each with random amounts of money inside ranging from $0.01 to $1,000,000. Then open the rest of the cases, individually, knocking off values. The banker offers amounts of money for your case.
cash-in-n-out	A webbased Application to track your income and spendings throug-out the month. With graphical charts and planned multiuser Option.
cash2me	A J2ME MIDLET that keeps track of expenses. Supports COM ports (Irda, USB, etc.) of your mobile to sync with your coumputer (OTA/GPRS is on the way). The export format is QIF, so you will be able to sync with GnuCash or any other QIF capable Software.
cashmachine	Solutions for catalogs, stores, prices, orders, and other. Simple and effective, base technology is XML, XSLT, REST. Primary working on J2EE.
cashmgr	Personal Cash Manager base online, support multiple account and multiple user.
cashutil	A command-line interface for GnuCash using the qof-generator interface with the GnuCash financial objects and XML backend. CashUtil uses an interactive shell and incorporates a shell scripting mode to automate transaction operations.
casi-mode	Casi mode is a minor mode that allows you to input programs of C like languages in different styles automatically while keeping your key pressing style.
casifying	Using Central Authentication Service (CAS) on portal applications and multiple web based platforms in a University environment.
casilda	Detailed message editor for WebSphere MQ
casimir	Software Agent, Human Actors, A Hybrid Network combines human&#039;s intelligence in making decision, reasoning, incidents management and machine&#039;s intelligence in computing and communication...
casimir-org-uk	Co-ordination and integration of mouse databases
casino	Casino Playhouse is a multiplayer casino game.
casinoblue	This project intends to be a simulation of a system that controls the internals of a real casino. The different devices that conform this system, use bluetooth to interact.
casinome	This is a J2ME mobile program that &quot;help&quot; to calculate the next number that &quot;probably&quot; appear in the roulette...
casiopea-frwk	CASIOPEA::framework is a completely object-oriented PHP framework facilitating the use of translations, templates, html forms and tables as well as database access. The framework also manages the user/user group/profile and permissions system.
casket	Casket provides the tools required to pipe statistics directly to MySQL from Apache. Written in PHP, Casket also provides a detailed interface for the montioring of statistics.
caslx	caslx is a CASL assemble language Complier.It just use for test you idea.Indeed, it&#039;s ugly.
casm	Casm is a cross platform assembler for X86, MIPS, PowerPC and SPARC. It is designed for use with JIT compiling.
casp	CASP - Comet Assay Software Project is a cross-platform image analysis software to measure level of DNA damage in SCGE (Single Cell Gel Electrophoresis) method called also comet assay method.
casper	Casper, Cascading Parser, is a unification-based natural language parsing library. It uses a syntax based on Lexical Functional Grammar, and is developed in C++. Requires Libxml and STL.
casperdatasets	Casper Datasets is a robust in-memory data manipulation framework, which allows programmatic search / sort / indexing on relational data rows. Casper Datasets virtually eliminates the need for relational databases for basic data manipulation and provides
caspython	The Python wrapper for the Centera SDK used to interact with the EMC Centera content addressed storage device.
casquete	A powerful netfilter log viewer.
cass	Tool for comparing an answer set solver against another (reference) solver.
cassandra	Application Framework for the development of large scale web portals.
cassandra-ge	Game making utilities and libraries for 2D and 3D games.
cassandre	Cassandre is an extensible chess engine written in C++, it is Winboard/XBoard compliant.
cassandre-qda	Digital framework for social scientists willing to build, compare, and exchange qualitative analyses of textual materials.
casse	This is a console mp3 player for linux based on amp. It aim to be as usable as cubic player, and to have thing like playlists, resident mode, skin and fully configurable.
cassedebrique	Le Casse de Brique is an Akarnoïd clone, but it differs from the original game in terms of gameplay: it&#039;s a multiplayer version (2 players on different computers), with a lot of bonus, levels and, of course, fun!
casselweb	CasselWeb, a pure-JAVA web-application, provides researchers with a set of tools to manage subjects and experiments in an academic environment.
cassie	A way to compile *nix source code for use on windows systems, makes use of cygwin and products available from Gnu. and also a way to cross-compile code to different architechures and operating systems.
cassiomask	Ich baue eine chatmaske f?r die cassiopeia chats. Die maske ist in php geschrieben und soll noch mit weiteren optionen ausgestattet werden. Zur zeit ist es nur ein Rohling. Ich werde unter anderem noch style vars einbauen, und noch viele andere sachen.
cassowary	Cassowary is an incremental constraint solving toolkit that efficiently solves systems of linear equalities and inequalities. Constraints may be either requirements or preferences.  Re-solving the system happens rapidly, supporting UI applications.
cast	CAST is a Collaborative Applications Specification Tool. It&#039;s aimed to permit a user to specify the coupling of cooperatives applications in a transparent way, using the Corba technology (MICO ORB). It&#039;s an integration plateforme for distribute
cast-control	Cast Control is a fully featured shoutcast creation and web administration facility for radio hosts and really anyone with a desire to push buttons instead of spending lengthy sessions in shell.
castalia	Castalia is a game logic framework that focuses on adaptability. Its aim is to achieve a framework that is suited for many different types of games, mainly games that does not conform to any specific genre.
castano-stuff	My freetime projects
castaway	Castaway is a rather smallish Atari ST emulator for Unix/X and Win32. The 68k CPU emulation is available separately.
castellanarcher	A fast TCP port scanner with clear port definitions and formated output.  Scan is done via randomized ports, configurable to run 1 - 65535 ports or 1 - 1024 (default).  Application has the ability to pause for x seconds between each connection.  Very fas
castellansentry	The Castellan Sentry detects login attempts, and gives the user the ability to block, allow or research the person attempting to connect.  It utilizes a GUI front end to allow the user to make their decision quickly and easily.
castgater	Linux GUI Podcast aggregater which can also be run from the command line to automatically download any new enclosures (run with the --auto option after setting up your subscriptions). Requires Python, PyGtk, and GNU Wget.
castironlife	Cast Iron Life is a simulation of the world at war from 1850 to 1950.  It resembles, in order, Civilization, Axis and Allies and Master of Orion by simulating the strategic, tactical, political and technological choices during that period.
castle	Castle aspires to simplify the development of enterprise and web applications. Offering a set of tools (working together or indepedently) and integration with other open source projects, Castle helps you get more done with less code.
castle-combat	Up to four players build castle walls, place cannons inside these walls, and shoot at the walls of their enemies. If a player cannot enclose at least one castle with his walls, he loses. The last surviving player wins. This game is designed after the old
castleportal	CastlePortal is a Content Management System built in the top of CastleProject&#039;s MonoRail engine. Many ideas comes from Mambo and other free software CMS.
castleproject	Castle aspires to simplify the development of enterprise and web applications. Offering a set of tools (working together or indepedently) and integration with other open source projects, Castle helps you get more done with less code.
castleton	Castleton compiles microsoft word or html documents representing a system design into an executable J2EE system. It does this by using application build templates embodying architecture assumptions.
castlewings	Provides various extensions/changes to the Castle Framework (http://www.castleproject.org)
castor	Castor is a php tool for webmaster to submit an url on multiple search engines or repositories through a web interface. You can find a demo on www.akooe.com . I will setup a demo on sourceforge later.
castordoclet	Java doclet to generate both mapping and DDL files for Castor JDO
castorwb	Castor is a dynamic web site builder. It simplify the developpement of php web applications. Several built-in modules are provided and it&#039;s very easy to write personnal modules.
castorwizard	JBuilder Wizard OpenTool which offers one facilitated way to generate java source code through O/R mapping, such as Exolab&#039;s Castor JDO, DAO etc. It may also generate other adjunction files according to your needs, such as Castor JDO mapping file.
castwave	Castwave is the first open source page-based real-time web analytics system.  Page-based tracking is 30% more accurate than log analysis. It is fully mature and stable and has twice the features of Google Urchin.  Requires PHP and MySQL.
casualgamesdk	This is the project for online casual game program sdk, providing the running enviorment include login server, lobby server, room server.Also some lib for game development.
casualskin	CasualSkin is a portable, high level game engine designed for creating 2D casual games. It is a C++ API and has features like resource management, widgets and a scene graph. It is designed to be flexible and easily extendible.
casualstaffhr	To provide web-based (JSP) facilities for the management of casual staff working in an organisation. This includes electronic keeping of rosters and timesheets, and generation of pay schedules.
casus	Casus is an ontology based focused crawler. The system allows  ontology-focused discovery of distributed Internet documents.
caswp	Many thermodynamic, fluidmechanic etc calculations need special informations about the used material ( resistance against heat for example). This values will be collected in a databasesystem. The calculation will be done on an appserver.
casystems	Easy x509 certificate generation, with multi-user administration and safe distribution. Predefined types for User/Clients/Server/Mail/CA. Users integrate information from LDAP or AD directory. Full revocation(CRL) support with ftp distribution of CRLs.
cat	A Set of work done by Giovanni Giorgi: BWolf, Squeak SmallTalk utilities, Java Novocaine prototyping engine
cat-2	The CAT2 is CMS based on original PHP-class model provide simple interfece to SQL-database. Its has simple user managment subsystem and plug-in interface.
cat-beck	Ziel des Projektes ist es eine Anwendung zu entwickeln die, die  Verbrauchsabhängigen Abrechnung von Heiz- und Warmwasserkosten mit integrierter Kaltwasser- und Nebenkostenabrechnung ermöglicht.
cat-ide	A multiplatform programming language for every kind of platform from a microcontroller to a computer,Based on Adaptors and Terminals,It means you designing Adaptors and Terminals and Concat them(e.g for type a key on keyboard and displaying in monitor yo
cat-language	A type checking interpreter for the Cat programming language. Cat is a blend of functional and stack based programming languages which supports type inference.
cat-photo	Cat-photo makes administration and web pages with photos easy.
cat-stats	An easy to install webcounter with statistics.
cat-sys	Cataloging system written in python. Catalogues files on various file systems (CD, HD, etc.)
cat1	CAT stands for Co-operative Artificial Thought. It is a system of modules that is capable of reflective thinking and expanding itself.
cat4	Captures file system of all removable and non-removable disks and stores in a single database file for easy and fast access and search.
catablog	cataBlog is a multi-user blogging system that allows entries to be catorogized for easy topical browsing.  cataBlog runs on top of the Core Enterprise PHP Application Framework. cataBlog object oriented and able to be embedded into other applications.
catabolicrealm	A SCI-FI 3D MMORPG created in Java and Java3D.
cataclysmos	Experimental MMORPG intended to act as test bed for implmenting new ideas not currently seen in commercial games.
catacomb	Catacomb is a WebDAV repository module for use with the Apache WebDAV module, mod_dav. Apache mod_dav parses WebDAV and DeltaV protocol requests into operations on a repository providing persistent storage of resources and their properties.
catakig	Catakig: an emulator of the venerable Apple II personal computer.
catalencoder	Catalencoder convert an MPEG2 (VOB) video format to XviD (English). Catalencoder permet de convertir une vidéo au format MPEG2 (VOB) en XviD (French).
catalina	Hi, This is a project to managed all acounts and moviement of a small and large enterprice, thank all of you for look at, bye
catalog	MOVED TO http://savannah.gnu.org/projects/catalog/
catalogador	A cataloguer for digital (HDs, CDs, DVDs, etc.) and non digital (books, magazines, etc.) stuff.
catalogarte	Sistema de controle de eventos de artes
cataloger	The purpose of the Offline Volume Cataloger is to provide a fast and simple way to catalog, index, and later search the contents of storage volumes (eg. backup CDs) that will normally be offline.
cataloggedmedia	Large GUI application designed for Sorting, categorizing, and Randomize  MP3/WMA play. Uses WM9 SDK, VC6, WinXP. Includes open source pieces: id3lib, MP3Info(for V1 tags), cmdline usage,  xShadeButtons to implement a 10ft GUI with remote control support.
catalogger	Audio Catalogger is a cross-platform java application used by music enthusiast and aficionados who would like to create an organized list of their music collection in an extremely extensible and secular fashion. Catalogger uses XML, XSLT and CSS.
catalognow	Track all your files, locally, on CD-ROMs, and on removables.
catalogo	Catalogo is a system for cataloguing resources on a web site. It allows semantic search of information on an intranet using metadata, RDF and ontology concepts. It provides a Catalog server (Java web applications) and a Catalog client (Firefox plug-in).
catalogshaman	CatalogShaman, allows you to create a catalog of your Hard drives, CD, DVD, Floppy disks, removable... is extremely fast, and offers optimized search. It supports catalog compresion, multi-language, multhithreads, can read inside zip, rar, ace, cab.
catalogue	catalogue is simple application, able to scan cd/dvd/dir or other media, and cataloging they in database. When scanning is done, user can search database for dir/file/track.
catalogvb	A project in Visual Basic 6 which aims to catalog a drive, drives or folder into MS Access and then allow searching of the catalog to improve file finding times.  Also monitor system for changes and update catalog accordingly.  Includes ID3 v1 support
catalpa	Catalpa is a web-based interface designed to manage one or more iptables firewall on a network.
catalysislink	A Rational Rose addin to facilitate the use of the catalysis methodology with rational rose.  Decreases the amount of maintainance required with Rational Rose models and adds ability to format model documentation in HTML. Written in Delphi.
catalyst	The Catalsyt Framework is a refinement on the MVC framework. It provides greater focus on user business workflow rather than application workflow. It&#039;s goal is to enable business analysis and developers to work closer.
catalyzr	Catalyzr is a web framework for information aggregation and sharing using Atom and RSS syndication protocols and Web 2.0 applications APIs. It is a lightweight, plugin based application based on the Catalyst web application framework.
catan-settlers	Rebuild from the board play game &quot;Die Siedler von Catan (by Klaus Teuber)&quot;. Set up as PC Game for MS Windows using MFC and OpenGL with sound. At the moment just as Network Version without hot seat.
catapultframewk	Java/J2EE application framework providing reusable components. Includes Spring Framework based configuration, a QueryService with pluggable Hibernate and JDBC DataServices, cache managment, WorkFlow service, form tags and form processing work units.
catarina	Knowledge-based Agent with capabilities to reason, learn and become an expert in Mathematics.
catatumbo	Catatumbo is a project for developing a SoftPLC based on the IEC 61131 standard. The goal of this project is to provide a solution for industrial control using Java and XML technologies (for cross-platform support).
cataumixer	An audio mix filter for most stream media application based on microsoft DirectShow.
catavento	Catavento is a free cross-platform system for management for toy libraries.
catb-bg	Bulgarian translation of Eric S. Raymond&#039;s famous &quot;The Cathedral and The Bazaar&quot;.
catbat	A useful collection of batch files and scripts for daily purposes (backup, security, system management, etc.) and development
catbot	CatBot is a simple, HTML/PHP/MySQL based chatterbot that&#039;s easy to set up and use. He comes equipped with a few commands, as well as a basic &quot;learning&quot; ability. With some moderate tweaking, he could make a very nice browser-based helpdesk 
catch-spirit	Appalachian State University&#039;s women&#039;s basketball team would like to improve their attendance rate at games.  The following survey is to gain information about women&#039;s basketball game attendance.
catchall	Catch-All is a project based on the honeypot-principle. Projecttarget is about catching Robots and Spiders and to analyse spam for unconvering spammers and analyse the intelligence of Robots and Spiders.
catchat	CatChat is a peer-to-peer chat application. The main purpose of this project is to decentralize chat rooms and to create a standard for peer-to-peer protocols used in this kind of situation. CatChat will be written in Java with Swing.
catchconv	Automatic generation of test inputs to catch conversion errors between signed and unsigned integers. Valgrind plug-in that works with the STP decision procedure (downloaded separately).
catcher	Catcher is a v4l motion-detector for KDE.
catchme	CatchMe - It&#039;s a project of six young students from the university of applied scinces at Landshut.
catcolorer	This application is intended as a helping tool in analysis of images aquired by traditional medical imaging techniques such as CAT scan or MRI. In improvment is that the application allow to the user to &quot;colorize&quot; the image adding more details.
catedrax	Catedrax is an integral solution for chair management. Using catedrax, professors will have a tool to manage any information related to students and his history, exams results, jobs, etc to finally know if they fulfil the necessary conditions to approve.
categorize	Automagically categorize content into configurable/trainable taxonomies.  This allows you to define taxonomies, and feed html documents into the categorization engine.
categoryselect	Graphical tool for selecting Gentoo Package Categories to exclude from your local package repository.
categorytheory	The math category theory software with diagram graphical user interface.
catelearning	CAT is a server-side e-learning platform written in Java using JSP and Servlets.
cater	CaTer is a terminal programm for the C64 providing a usable serial terminal for Linux or Unix hosts. It is possible to make either a CaTer auto start cartridge, or to load it with a BASIC loader.
caterpillar	Caterpillar is a build management software package.  It?s primary purpose is to allow developers and development groups the ability to easily build and schedule builds of project code via a web interface.
caterva	comprehensive crowd behavior simulation software for use in computer generated animation.
catgen	CatGen project has been deprecated in favor of a new professional-quality release on Sourceforge as CatGen4.  See www.sourceforge.net/projects/catgen4 or www.catgen.org.  CatGen is an advanced Windows (and, soon, Java / Kylix) client that generates e-com
catgen4	CatGen 4.0 is a professional, highly advanced but easy to use Windows client that generates e-commerce enabled websites to any host via ftp, and to the Catgen.com server via an internal protocol. We are intending to port the client to Java also.
cath-angband	Cat-and-the-Hack Angband is a variant of the roguelike game Angband. New features include reworked systems to encourage player classes to fit their &quot;idioms&quot; more, and new classes, items, monsters, and whatever else comes to mind.
cathnet	Cathnet is developing the infrastructure for the Catholic Semantic Web. Technologies involved include, but are not limited to, XML, RDF, NLP, Zope, Plone and Plone products.
catholiclibrary	TheCatholicLibrary.org was founded to assemble a comprehensive collection of public domain media relating to the Church, and to publish the collection online.  The mission of this software project is to develop the infrastructure of the site.
cati	The goal of CATi project is providing the complete framework for implement the simple information systems, based on application server concept. It write on Java and Mono and use SQL database for data store.
caties	caTIES ( cancer TextInformation Extraction System) can extract coded information from free text Surgical Pathology Reports (SPRs), using controlled terminologies to populate caBIG-compliant data structures. It also has the ability to search this info.
catim	Cat IMproved is a improved version of the UNIX program cat.
catkin	Blog management application based on Qt 4.
catmando	CatManDo is a complete catalog, shopping cart, and checkout solution for PHP- and mySQL-enabled web sites. Build your catalog from the ground up in just minutes, let your customers pay you via Paypal, upload your pages, and you&#039;re in business!
catmdedit	CatMDEdit is an application for the edition of geographic metadata (ISO19115, DC application profile for GI). Developed by TeIDE. Technical details: Java, XML, multiplatform(Windows,Unix/Linux), multilingual.
catms	Catalog Management System (CMS) : Efficient way of managing Product Content for B2B
catnap	The CatNap proxy will scramble file adds and searches to allow people to share any files on the Napster network without needing to rename files on the local machine.
catnap-layer	Catnap is a lightweight Java persistence layer which stores and retrieves objects from an Oracle database using PL/SQL packages.
catnets	The objective of the CATNETS project is to determine the applicability of a decentralized economic self-organization mechanism for resource allocation in application layer networks (ALN).
catobase2006	CatoBase2006 is intended to be a replacement/enhancement of the &quot;Almanac&quot; feature of Out Of The Park Baseball.
catool	Combustion analysis of internal combustion engine in-cylinder pressure data.  For use in the development, calibration and modelling of internal combustion engines.  Compatible with data recorded with AVL Indiwin/Indimaster/Indiset I-File format.
catpa	Computer Aided Thruster Performance Analysis
cats	CATS (Configuration Adaptive Traffic Shaping) is a tool which does dynamic traffic shaping according to the network configuration through a set of rules.
cats-	To develop a software package for time series manipulation and cycles analysis. Cycles means repeated occurrences at nearly equal time intervals in any time series data. See http://www.cyclesresearchinstitute.org/ for a site about cycles.
catseye	Catseye is a framework for an XML/XSLT-based website, used for catseye.ws.
catsone	CATS is industry&#039;s first open source applicant tracking system (ATS). Built on LAMP platform(Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP). Features applicant tracking, resume search, CRM, and a reporting dashboard for staffing agencies and corporate HR department
catsproject	CATS: Constructing Assessments using Tools and Services
catsrunner	CATSRunner is a unit testing framework providing developers of C-based systems, including embedded systems, the capability to use the popular Test Driven Development (TDD) software development approach.
catterymanager	Cattery Management is a pedigree, genetics and cattery management database for cat breeders. It is built in MS Access (Access 97 and above) by cat breeders and has a comprehensive list of features to track and manage all cattery activities.
cattree	CatTree allows you to manage the family tree for cats of one or more races. It is useful for the web presentation of catteries or breeder organizations to display their cats.
catty	catty is a small utility to write+read to+from a serial tty device. You can use it in scripts, or directly writing some text to its stdin. With catty you can add in a few seconds serial communication to your shell scripts.
catviz	Catviz is a *different* PHP/MySQL based content manager. It&#039;s primary aim is to provide a rich PHP OOP platform for the development of interactive websites. It is freshly built from the ground up, NOT yet another clone.
catweasel-osx	Catweasel-OSX is a project with the goal of developing a complete driver suite for the Catweasel MK3 PCI card on Mac OS X. It will include floppy, joystick and SID drivers.
catwin	CatWin NET is a Spanish Finance Accounting OnLine Application with a web interface based on PHP &amp; MySql which runs on any web server as Apache. It has been developed under the Spanish General Accounting Plan (1990) framework.
cau	Create - a - Useragent is a very simple PHP-Script which creates a Useragentstring you can use for the &quot;User Agent Switcher&quot; in Firefox or Squid or any other App. where you can change it.
cau-dial	cau-dial is a phone scanner, or &quot;wardialer&quot; for UNIX platforms.
caucho	Sample car-drive-and-shoot python network game.
cauldron	Cauldron is a sample J2EE project
cause	Cause is a software synthesizer and sequencer for Linux using ALSA and Jackit. It aims to be an alternaternative to Propellerhead Reason; easy to use user interface, but somewhat better modularity.
cava-vssc	CAVA (Centro de apoyo virtual a alumnos). &quot;Virtual students support center&quot;. This is a virtual center to help teachers support students update.
cavb	Assist in operating a circulation list.
cave	CAVE provides an (n)curses interface for viewing text-based character animations. It includes lots of interactive commands and features.
cave-shooter	A top-down, cave-crawler, free-roaming shooter.
cavearch	Graphical software (based CaveML) for creating, viewing and archiving cave and abbiso maps (2D and 3D).
cavecavum	Cave cavum is an arcade game written in C++ using the SDL library. Just the space bar is needed to play, it\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;s quite simple, but sometimes addictive. Tested only under GNU/Linux (but the code is not very OS-dependant).
cavepaint	CavePaint is a small 3D-Paint program especially designed for the capabilities of a CAVE (Cave Automatic Virtual Environment) using  CAVELib. Instead of common 3D-Paint programs like 3dsmax or maya, CavePaint is designed for a voxel space.
caves	The Caves is a 3D Online Role Playing Game developed using the Crystal Space engine.  The focus will be to create a small (10-100) user worlds to allow for more focused team-work based quests.
cavestory	A rewrite of the game engine for Doukoutsu Monogatari (Cave Story) using SDL. The original data files are required to play.
cavewriting	An authoring system for creating 3D hypermedia viewable from a desktop computer or a CAVE. Developed and used by Brown University&#039;s CaveWriting workshop. For more information, see: http://portal.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=1179661&amp;jmp=references&amp
caviewer	Example EPICS Application. An educational tool for learning about EPICS and Linux
cavist	Cavist is a wine manager designed for PDAs. It&#039;s written using SuperWaba, a Java Virtual Machine.
cavor	CAVOR is an engine for building apps that involve both graphic and text/numeric data. Primarily GIS is the initial focus, but consider also CAD, CASE, project management (eg PERT charts), and others. Built-in scripting, C API, also supports Tcl and Java.
cavour	CAVOUR is a SQL-PHP-based election and voting system. It is completely manageable via web, from the definition and loading of the electoral base, to the voting process, up to the display of results. Clear, fast, simple, and as secure as technology allows
cavus	An open source project for web-based management, sharing, and presenting of information related to caves, including, ridge-walking, surveys, captured media, trip reports, and cartography.
cawfeecgi	a C++ CGI library that has many other functions besides the standard cgi get functions.
caxo	CAXO (Component for Accessing XML based Objects) is mapping any xml based object to a multiline and editable tree structure. CAXO is a JComponent, and direct implementable in any swing container. In default configuration, CAXO is an xml browser or editor
caxton	Caxton is a general purpose package written in Java that is used to render HTML, PDF (using FOP), RTF (using JFOR), and Excel (using POI) using stylesheets. There are some additional tools for providing easy access  to XML, merging XSL stylesheets. There
cayambe	J2EE E-Commerce Solution using Java Servlets &amp; JSP &amp; EJB.  Cayambe is Platform, Application Server, and Database Server agnostic.  However, we are currently developing to Apache / Tomcat / JBoss / Oracle or mySQL / on Linux or Solaris.
cayannotations	Java annotations for the Cayenne Object Relational Mapping framework.  Currently only for validations such as Max, Length, Email. Based on OVal
cayenne	Cayenne is an object-relational mapping framework written in Java. It provides tools and libraries to implement object persistence on top of RDBMS. Currently Cayenne is developed at the Apache Software Foundation (http://cayenne.apache.org)
cayman3341	USB Driver for Netopia Cayman 3341 DSL modem for Linux 2.6.X.
cazapool3d	CazaPool3D is a 100% java3d pool and billard game, with both single and multiple player abilities. It tracks ball paths, handle undo, use mulitple views, loads (threads) multiple 3ds objects, handles picking/collision/animation/overlays and more
cazare	Cazare on-line este o aplicatie web in care studentii unei facultati isi pot alege un set de preferinte de cazare, iar sistemul ii repartizeaza automat pe camere in ordinea mediilor. Poate fi folosit in scop didactic, referat, proiect, de oricine doreste
cazavirus	An action game to hunt virusses and vaccinate all computers in the building while solving complex puzzles and destroying whatever is on your way. ?Level editor included!
cazon	Cazon aims to create a dynamic navigational model for web sites.
cb-all	My personal archive of small projects. It includes a BrainFuck Compiler for .NET and all kinds of small utilities.
cb2java	Dynamic COBOL copybook parser for Java.  Supports parsing and writing of application data based on parsed copybooks.  Coverts COBOL types to Java types and back to COBOL types with validation.
cb2pdf	CB2PDF converts comic books from their cheesy .cbr or .cbz format to plain pdf. Though .cbr and .cbz files are the &#039;internet standards&#039; I found PDF files more convenient and uniform, not to mention platform independency, including handhelds!
cb2xml	CB2XML (CopyBook to XML) is a COBOL CopyBook to XML converter written in Java and based on the SableCC parser generator.  This project includes utilities to convert an XML instance file into its COBOL copybook equivalent string buffer and vice versa.
cba	CrossBrowserAjax (CBA) is a tiny (2.5Kb), fast, and cross browser library. Works with IE5.0+ ( even with disabled ActiveX ), Mozilla1.7+, Firefox1.0+, Opera7.3+, Safari. Data can be loaded from a different host. Easy-to-Use. CrossBrowserAjax.com
cba-reading	This program is used in developing Reading Probes for Curriculum Based Assessment.  It takes a text document and processes it to produce a report used in developing a test.
cba2000frontend	Delphi frontend to the CBA2000 (Outphased CRM+MRP from Greentree.com) backend. CBA&#039;s data replicated in SQL Server. Consist of two clients: Order Entry / Customer Management client and Production client.
cbadump	Cbadump is a utility for extracting history and backup data from GE Security&#039;s CASI Picture Perfect archive and backup tape, enabling the user to select one or more tables to be extracted into ASCII delimited files.
cband	mod_cband is an Apache 2 module that solves the problem of limiting the bandwidth usage of users, virtual hosts, and destinations
cbank	This project has as objective the development of a software of control of codes sources, procedures and functions creating a catalogue of solutions for the developers. &quot;Este projeto tem como objetivo o desenvolvimento de um software para controle fo
cbar	CBAR - a bar code reader lib
cbasic	C-Basic Language, a language which is a mixture of C/C++ and many forms of BASIC, to give the developer, an easy to use language or a stepping block from BASIC to C/C++
cbasicobj	BASIC interpreter .NET object written in C#
cbassistant	This program provides you help in managing the team you own in the Charazay Basketball online-game.
cbb	CBB has moved!  Please visit us at our new home: http://gna.org/projects/cbb
cbblog	A custom blog, with an archive and commenting system. Will include an administrative back-end for easy use and in later versions it shall include an installation script increasing the ease of use.
cbc	Code-Blue Chat is a chat program that is always being looked for ways to be updated. It includes many features such as chat rooms and voice chat. Best of all, IT&#039;S FREE!
cbccl	CBCCL is a tiny, cross platform C++ library with all the stuff we miss in the standard C++ CRT. Thousand developers have written this stuff and we want to extract it in a very smal lib. Include Lists, Array&#039;s, Files, Dir&#039;s, Path, String&#039;s 
cbchat	Webbased chat application. Working against an ASP webservice using XML data format and Javascript.
cbd-noip	It is treated of server/client that allow servers with IP fixture get the IPs of servers IP dynamic and do a redirect of ports of IP fixture for the IP dynamic automatically.
cbd-select	cbd_select is a software that permitt use the SQL language for filter results of commands of operation system.\nIt is indicated for peoples that have knowledge in SQL but not have knowledge in commands of operation system with grep, uniq, sort...
cbdiff	A simple utility to display the differences between two binary (or text) files side by side, indexed by the file offset of each difference.
cbe	CBE is a revision control system with integrated make-like functions written in pure Java. It can be used similar to CVS but offers some new features like renaming files (while still keeping the history) and using a database as backend (optional)
cbe4	cbe4 is a simple LDAP benchmark tool.  It allows you to run a defined set of operations against a LDAP server.  The supported operations are search, compare and auth.
cbear	Public description: The &#039;C Bear&#039; framework is a set of libraries and common utilities for different programming languages and platforms.
cben-hacks	All my hacks and ideas too small for a separate project.  See homepage for the list.
cbenchx	CBench is an OS X GUI front end to the Apache Foundations Apache Bench application.
cbflib	CBFLIB is a library of ANSI-C functions providing a simple mechanism for accessing Crystallographic Binary Files (CBF files) and Image-supporting CIF (imgCIF) files. The CBFLIB API is loosely based on the CIFPARSE API for mmCIF files.
cbgui	The project is dedicated to create a graphical Win32 tool, which allows to install, run and administer the Chessbrain Peernode server (=the chessbrain client) on Win32 machines.
cbim	Clipboard Image Manager (CbIM) is a .net application which collects images from Windows&#039; system clipboard. CbIM make it possible to apply some (little) editing effects to images, to paste two or more images together, and to save them.
cbios	C-BIOS is an open source BIOS for MSX computers. C-BIOS can be shipped with MSX emulators so they are usable out-of-the-box. This project aims to improve C-BIOS by logging and fixing incompatibilities with the MSX BIOS and the development of a Disk ROM.
cbit	a c-port of the bittorrent library
cbitlib	A library for writing one bit at a time (instead of bytes) to a file.
cbits	CBits:  Lightweight foundational C++ classes tailored to be used as a library or absorbed at the source code level into other projects.
cbl	The Portable Cray Bioinformatics Library is a C implementation of the proprietary Cray Bioinformatics Library. It is designed to run on a wide variety of platforms in either 32- or 64-bit mode on either big or little endian architectures.
cbl-updater	CBL Partial Updater is an AJAX library for PHP.  Unlike other libraries, all operations are controlled by the server side.  Using the library, it is very easy to add AJAX features to existing PHP applications.
cbl-validator	CBL Form Validator is a hybrid HTML form validator that supports form validation using PHP and JavaScript.  Write-Once your form validation rules, and Run Everywhere, both on the server-side and the client side.
cblex	Cblex++ is a lexical scanner generator for C++. It creates a &quot;clean&quot; C++ class, not only a wrapper like FlexLexer. It is baesd in portion of flex, but dont use the C skeleton. The generated output is free, even in comercial products. yacc = cby
cblinkwords	This is a script to allow an administrator to specify a word, url and description, once done, those words, when posted on the site, will become links to the url specified.
cblog	cBlog is not only a blog, but a content management system built for flexibility and mobility. It has a database abstraction layer so that it can be ported to different sites with different types of databases easily.
cbloq	cbloq is a free, open source bloq system that allows the Owner, and the Visitors easily to add Links, Comments or complete Articles.  It is not limited to the given structure. With Plugins everyone is able to extend it.
cblw	Large world game creation suite for the creation of Large world games. Includes all tools to create such a mmorpg game.
cbm	An Open Source ClientServer Instant Messanger Written in Visual Basic.  Can Handle large amounts of users and is very fast... Executables and Source Available.  Written in visual basic 6.0.
cbm4linux	Linux/i386 kernel driver and development library to control serial CBM devices, such as the Commodore 1541 disk drive, connected to the PC&#039;s parallel port via a XM1541 or XA1541 cable. A fast disk copier included.
cbmdisklib	A .NET library (dll) for Commodore disk image manipulation, such as d64, d71, d81, and other images.
cbmgtools	CBMGTools includes various scripts and utilities to enhance display, ease of use or understanding of functional imaging data.
cbms	CBMS is designed to relieve the burden on dnsbl operators by providing a management framework for their databases and data. CBMS will co-exist with existing management systems or work just as well if not better as the only management system.
cbmsys	Project is a web based business managment system for IT Consultancy firms, serving many clients. The goal is to provide the following modules: Network Documentation, Helpdesk, Software / License Management, Billing System, KB, Time Report, etc.
cbnet	CodeBrowser.net is a sourcecode and file browser that crawls different (version controlled) sources, displays the content and makes it searchable over http.
cbnsignals	This is a set of templates for helping in the use of callbacks and signals in a C++ program. Project discontinued, see http://sourceforge.net/projects/cppcback/.
cboard	The CBoard C++ library tries to provide simple access to some visualization toolkit (VTK) primitives. It&#039;s primary intentions are for example debugging C/C++ programs by means of a visual output or the easy creation of figures.
cbodb	A system for collecting and using data in the operations of community bicycle organizations. This includes recording volunteer information and tracking volunteering hours and membership status, tracking bikes received and sold, and other data.
cbold-framework	CBOLD is a C++ framework for schematicless capture of board-level electronic designs. CBOLD replaces schematic capture EDA software in the traditional PCB design flow.
cbook	CBook is a simple software for recipes managment. The focus is on the possibility of sharing recipes among different users that may use different platforms. A Java interface and a browser interface to the DataBase are the keys to meet these goals.
cboot	A project which attempts to make x86 kernel development easier by providing a second stage loader between GRUB (or other multiboot loader) and your higher half kernel.
cborg	Borg = Mobile Multi agent system with support for strong migration, serialisation and location transparaent routing. Interpreter= prototype based. Compiles for macintosh, windows, linux, freebsd, solaris and palm.
cbotsmovies	With Cbot&#039;s Movielist it&#039;s easy for everyone to create a good looking, easy to use and fast database for his/her movies. You can add a lot of information to every entry, for example a movie description (will be retrieved automaticall)
cbpms	The community based policy management system is a framework to support the development and collaborative management of electronic resources by large organisations.  It allows the organisation to use a policy language to manage all of its IT resources.
cbportal	CBPortal to w pelni rozszerzalny system portalowy. Glowna idea systemu jest modularnosc. Jesli cos nie podoba Ci sie w systemie - zmien to! Jesli brakuje Ci implementacji Twojego problemu - zaprojektuj ja samodzielnie i jezeli chcesz, udostepnij innym!
cbqinit	CBQ.init script demonstrate power of CBQ mechanism in network traffic management under Linux platform. This bash script parses human-readable config files and does all needed manipulation with &#039;tc&#039; linux kernel utilite. See WebCBQ project for W
cbr	The Robot-based Imaging Test-bed (RIT) is an open source toolkit designed to be used with a network of wireless robots with imaging cameras.
cbras	Roommate Accounting System allows you to keep track of what your roommate owes you at any time so you don&amp;acute;t forget to get money from them on time.  It sends an update to the roommate when they get a new bill added and accepts paypal as payment.
cbreloaded	CB reloaded ist die Weiterentwicklung des als stabil und sicher bekannten Portalsystems &quot;CodeBox&quot;. Es ist PHP4+5 kompatibel. Es besitzt Module wie News, Kalendar, Texte, Shop, Forum, RSS uvm. Das Design ist in HTML in Templates hinterlegt. CB R
cbrit	CBRit provides direct knowledge transfer from upper tier support to first tier helpdesk users. It provides highly accurate resolutions and up to the minute knowledge updates and easy integration with COTS HelpDesk systems.
cbro	Checkbook Register Online is a PHP/MySQL program that allows users to create an account, manage, balance, and keep their checking information up-to-date.
cbrowse	Chinese Calendar Browser
cbrowser	Cbrowser is a Tcl/Tk GUI front-end to source code searching tools.  It is primarily designed to work with cscope, but also works with cs.  See http://cscope.sourceforge.net/ to obtain cscope, and for more information.
cbs	Comic Book Studio is a full suite of tools for managing, collecting, creating &amp; publishing comics. Scan images load from files or draw directly in the program to create your own comic creations. An organizer program keeps track of your growing collec
cbshellext	CBShellExt is a Windows Explorer Extension with usefull things like manipulate multiple filenames (add, delete, replace,copy), split / merge / diff files (WinMerge), convert files (wav,mp3[lame]), create playlists, open console/explorer. DOC++. Doxgen.
cbtree	Cbtree++ is a tree walker generator for C++. It uses the output of cblex++ and cbyacc++ to parse the tree nodes.
cburner	CBurner is a CPU/Memory tester/bencher. Also uses CPU optimized instructions (SSE, ...), supports multi-cpu burning and displays information about your cpu/system (CPUID)! Optimized for over
cbusserver	Server interface for Clipsals CBUS home automation system
cbviewer	CBViewer is a comic book viewer for comic book archives in cbz, cbr, zip, and rar formats.  The interface is written in java but it requires unrar for linux or windows depending which OS you are running on.  It will do zip  files in java.
cbwidgets	Custom Java Swing Widgets, Program your Swing GUI in 1/2 the time!
cbyacc	Cbyacc++ is a C++ compiler compiler that creates a &quot;clean&quot; C++ class. It is based in portion of berkley yacc, but it dont use these ugly yy_somestuff ifdefs. The output of cbyacc++ is free, even in comercial products. Cbyacc++ is used with cble
cc-black-board	This is a library implementation of \\&quot;blackboard\\&quot; information sharing. This library provides a client and a server (the black board itself) to allow collaborative, distributed computing via tcp/ip sockets. Black boards are co
cc-config	A rich client application for configuring and monitoring cruisecontrol.
cc-electsys	This is an election system I write in PHP4 and mySQL for the backend. It written in Indonesian. Its capabilities are locking/unlocking clients based on IP number, adding elector and the candidate etc.
cc-email	Command line SMTP client with SMTP AUTH and GPG capabilities.
cc-krnl-ipt-imq	Compiled ClarkConnect Kernel version 2.6.9-42 and iptables version 1.2.11-13 to support IMQ (Intermediate Queueing Device)
cc-lite	Carbon Calculator (Lite) dataset and code for a hugely simplified calculator.
cc-mode	CC Mode is a GNU Emacs and XEmacs mode for editing C and other languages with similar syntax; currently C++, Objective-C, Java, CORBAs IDL, Pike, and AWK. It is a standard package in both GNU Emacs and XEmacs.
cc-tools	A collection of utilities, developer tools and libraries developed by the Maize Functional Genomics of Chromatin Consortium
cc1010rf	Software for the CC1010 microcontroller to make it possible to control the lighting or any other RF controllable device in a house.
cc3	The cc3 project provides software for embedded vision systems. Currently, the software runs on the CMUcam3 hardware platform, which is a NXP LPC2106-based board with an onboard CMOS camera and FIFO, MMC interface, serial UARTs, and servo controller.
cc6809	This project is a branch of sdcc to produce a C Compiler backend targetting the Motorola 6809 CPU. Once stable, we hope to merge it into the main sdcc tree.
cc8	ANSI C Cross-Compiler for 8/16-bit platforms
cca	A distributed Continuous Integration and Workflow Management tool, inspired by CruiseControl and also written by ThoughtWorks, Inc. CCA decouples the build process from the build automation process and is designed for flexibility in its build/test/deploy
ccaf	To provide a framework with which home/lifestyle activities/resources may be accessed and manipulated remotely via web portals over the Internet. This extensible framework transforms the average consumer PC into a hub-like interface with their personal d
ccain	A Common Component Architecture (CCA) Integration framework intended for staged adoption of component-based design and methods targetted at scientific programmers for existing and new code projects.
ccal	chinese calendar library, and include applications based on Xlib.
ccalogin	This perl script will allow you to automatically login to a CiscoClean Access server.  It can also be added to the cron so that it checks if you are able to access an outside source, and if not, it will automatically log you in to CiscoCleanAccess.
ccandwb	The Car Card and Way Bills Page program will allow the Model Railway Owner to maintain a database for his rolling stock as well as generating paper work for operating his layout, with the car card and way bill system. It is based on the PHP-MySQL combo.
ccap	A code analyzer for c++ written in java.
ccard	A C callback orientated parser library for card (vCard/vCal) objects, reentrant &amp; stream orientated, handles line folding, automatic decoding of params and data
ccartist	ccArtist is like Wordpress for people who don&#039;t have a great deal to say. ccArtist allows you to create a web site (rich, themeable) for your works (audio, video,  etc..) Manage your works and licenses. Designed ground up to  be Creative Commons awa
ccas	The CCAS project is to implement a CAS distribution which can be used in clustering environment. CCAS is for &#039;Clustering CAS&#039; and CAS is &#039;Central Authentication Service&#039; developed by JA-SIG (http://www.ja-sig.org/products/cas/).
ccb-dopewars	Java Swing implementation of John E Dell\\&#039;s old game of narcotics commerce. Make large sums of money by buying and selling drugs over a chosen period of time.
ccbb	CCBB is a cross-platform personal finance manager, with emphasis on stability and simplicity.
ccbinding	CCB is a Cocoa Caml Binding which allow the developper to code in CAML and however exploit the power of the Cocoa framework of MacOSX.
ccbs	Cyber Cafe Billing System is complete user administration software solution for a cyber cafe. It helps the Cyber Cafe managers for proper monitoring of their cyber cafe users. It is developed on the concept of having prepaid accounts for all users.
ccbtrain	A bioinformatics project to create tutorials, including programming code examples, to help in bioinformatics training. Will primarily create examples with Perl, PostgreSQL, R, Bioperl, Emboss. Part of Comparative and Collaborative Bioinformatics Project.
ccbuild	A C++ source scanning build utility for code distributed over directories.
ccc	CCC Cron Cluster is a job scheduling program which runs cron like and ad-hoc jobs on tcp/ip clusters. The Controller and the Client run on any POSIX compliant sytsem with gcc and Inet socket libraries. It is controlled from a web interface in Perl/PHP.
ccc-language	The CCC Language is yet another programming language. It is platform-independent, compact, and robust. Supports many SQL engines, has own ISAM DB engine, has terminal mode and more UI-s, is object-oriented, but it is compiled and not interpreted.
ccccc	A C-Cross-Compiler for the C-Control microcontroller provided by Conrad Electronic
cccccccccc	cccccccccc
ccccms	4Cms : Content, Communication, Community and Commerce. 4Cms is an object-oriented php CMS. Using an wysiwyg interface, it is a versatile tool. 4Cms can be use for many type of site such as portal, photo gallery, weblog, shop, etc.
cccgi	ccCGI is a set of C++ classes used in the development of CGI applications. Its goals are reliability, robustness, security, standard-compliance and performance. It offers CGI environment capabilities, HTML generation methods and a templating system.
cccl	cccl is a wrapper around Microsoft Visual C++&#039;s cl.exe and link.exe.  It converts Unix compiler command line parameters into the equivalent parameters for cl and link.
ccclient	The CCC (Console Chat Client) for some populair chats.
cccp	CCCP (Core Closed Captioning Parser) is a DirectShow filter that extracts Closed Captioning data from MPEG2 video. The data is normally used by the downstream filter to render and mix the CC with main video to aid hearing- or language-impaired users
cccplayer	CCCP Player is a small audio/video player. CCCP Player have undersandable interface and some bugs :)
ccd	-Project has been frozen-
ccd2iso	CloneCD image to ISO image file converter
ccdchat	The chat system has now been dropped due to lack of support, a huge amount of opposition. And UDP issues with the server.
ccdcontrol	Control the LcCCD14sc, Alpha Mini and MegaTEK CCD cameras with this free Linux tool.
ccdebug	ccdebug is a Qt-based graphical gdb debugger frontend. It uses the new gdb/mi &quot;machine interface&quot;, and consists of the main program and a generic gdb/mi-plugin &quot;migdbplugin.so&quot; communicating with gdb.
ccdecoder	Closed Caption/Extended Data Services Decoder for bttv based video cards.
ccdiff	Use your favorite diff utility with Rational Clearcase. Default diff utility that comes with Clearcase sucks. One can always use a better diff program like beyond compare. Ccdiff will allow you to do just that, use your favorite diff with Clearcase.
ccdv	A general Makefile compilation beautification program.
cce-interact	A platform for the delivery and support of online learning. It differs from many other elearning platforms in that its aim is to concentrate on the social/interactive aspects of teaching and learning rather than the delivery of content to students.
cce2k	CCE let you display and input Chinese/Japanese/Korean/UTF8 in many OS: Linux *BSD Solaris LynxOS QNX SCOUnix Minix Hurd BeOS Windows Darwin MacOSX. It supports console(framebuffer/VGA) &amp; X11(through GGI/SDL), bitmap/TrueType fonts and many input meth
ccec	Ccec is a repository of miscellaneous Python utilities as well as useful libraries.
cceditingsuite	This is a comprehensive Command &amp; Conquer editing suite, making it easy for everyone to customize this great series to their own liking.
ccel-desktop	The CCEL Desktop is a desktop digital library. It supports installation, maintenance, access, and searching of books from the Christian Classics Ethereal Library (http://www.ccel.org) on your PC.
ccenter	Communication Center. Allow to communicate with other people over MAIL, ICQ and other protocols
ccextractor	A fast closed captions extractor for MPEG files. Supports DVD, HDTV transport streams, Replay TV. Use this to create .srt (subtitles) files for your TV captures, have transcripts so you can edit subtitles, etc.
ccforum	A simple, easy to use message board written in PHP using MySQL. It features single or multiple forums, user registration and anonymous posting. Well commented code allows for easy modification.
ccg-connect	A project to develop software to play the Battletech CCG by Wizard of the Coast (now out of print) online or over a network with at least one other person. Project will be developed using Java and HSQL DB in order to keep it platform independent.
ccg-engine	This project involved the construction of a collectible card game engine (similar to Magic: The Gathering).  The game will be based on the TV show Alias, but no IP will be posted here.  For image files (containing IP) please contact me directly.
ccgcookbook	The CCG Cookbook project provides a public repository of documented grammars for Combinatory Categorial Grammar. These grammars can be processed using the OpenCCG parser/realizer.
ccgengine	Generic program for playing various different CCG games multiplayer over a local network.
ccgi	C++ Class library for CGI Development
ccgmachine	CCGMachine is a generic collectible card game engine which allows developpers to implement the game of their liking while keeping a consistency between game interfaces.
ccgpaly	CGplay is a program that lets you play CCGs and TCGs over the internet. Also the LibraryBuilder part of CCGplay alows you to build your own Libraries for your favorite games
ccgpc	GNU Potato Caboose is a suite of programs and scripts designed for collecting trip data (origin/destination info) in support of the Canadian Commuter Challenge. It is easily adapted to other jurisdictions.
ccgplay	Using library builder, you will be able to build ccg libraries, for ccgplay, and other programs using this standard. This will allow you to make the cards for the card game that have not been added yet.
cchatd	The porpouse of the project is to provide a web-chat with high capacity focused in CRM on-line solutions, but can also be used for huge comunities portal, ISPs, or even VirtualCafes.
cchess	It is just a Chinese-Chess Game,using SDL Library. Its target is to be a full feature Chinese-Chess ,supporting Two player via internet ,One player vs computer with AI supported
cchrom	This package aims to enable complex ideogram drawing in genetic applications for different species.
cci	Before a developer had to stick their agents in a zip file, causing confusion for the end user. Not any more! The Creatures Content Installer is a multiplatform installer that does the work for you. Also hosted are other AutoIt Creatures applications.
ccicap	CCICAP is a powerful. easy to use, linear circuit analysis program that can be used to study a wide variety of linear circuit behavior including frequency and time domain responses, element sensivities, and noise.
cciss	Drivers for the HP (previously Compaq) Smart Array controllers which provide hardware RAID capability.
ccity	Crime City wird in vielen Hinsichten ,,Crime Fighter&quot;, einem etwas ?lteren Dosspiel, ?hneln. Anders ist jedoch, dass es dynamisch verl?uft und eine eigene Physikengine beinhalten wird (GTA1+2 ?hnlich)
cciusers	This is a demonstration of how the SourceForge website might be used to further the community development efforts of the CCI User Group.  I hope that this can resolve some of the issues with the current communications efforts.
ccl	Cafe Con Leche (CCL) are a crossplataform library (libccl) to make programs to manage internet cafes and program that does just that using libccl.
cclib	cclib is an open source library, written in Python, for parsing and interpreting the results of computational chemistry packages. It currently parses output files from ADF, GAMESS, GAMESS-UK, Gaussian, Jaguar and PC GAMESS.
cclicense	cclicense is a simple library implemented in PHP 4 that provides a simple method for representing and expressing the rights associated with a content license. The library is built around the Creative Commons licenses, but can be extended to others as wel
cclite	Community currency accounting for local exchange trading systems (LETS)and other alternative money systems. Multi-registry (group), multi-currency, with inter-registry transactions using web services (SOAP), templated to give multi-lingual capablities.
cclnet	ccl.net is a library written in C# and JavaScript consisting of custom controls for the ASP.NET platform. The library will typical include controls like Tabs, NumericTextbox, MenuTransformer, ExtendedDataGrid, ArrowNavigator etc. The aim is to include mo
cclock	A digital clock for the linux console.
cclserver	CCLServer is based on &quot;cafe con leche&quot; libraries to manage ciber-cafes. It provides a server UI in order to supervise clients and create tickets.
ccm	Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Customer Care Management, multilingual, includes informations about companies, contacts, tasks, opportunities, sales activitities.  Includes also some workgroup functionality.
ccm-web	Content-Based Cross-Site Mining (CCM) of Web Data Records algorithm combines techniques of extracting data records based on the structure of documents (HTML tags) with an analysis of the semantics of the content for better data record extraction
ccmanager	This is a software that allows you to manage asterisk for a call center, you can manage in and outbound calls, login/logout from queues and view the status of them (users logged, service level, waiting calls)
ccms	ccms is an extensible content management system based on web standards. Its output complies to XHTML 1.0 and 1.1, and is ready for XHTML 2.0. It produces CSS 2.0 compliant code, and is ready for CSS 2.1 and 3.0. It can connect to MySQL and PostgreSQL
ccms-ccms	Ajax-oriented CMS. The aim of this CMS is to show the possibility of using ajax to grant a fluid navigation in a flash style, with an initial preloading and a fast change of pages. The management ad view of contents is also easier and faster with ajax.
ccms0	The Chicken Content Management System is a highly extensible content management system designed with security in mind. CCMS intends to be one of the most unique content management systems available. It is written in fully OO PHP5
ccmsh	CORBA Component shell - shell above CORBA CCM
ccmtools	The CCM Tools are CASE tools used for generating CORBA components, test components, and test programs based on source IDL files. Various target languages can be generated. Scripting language wrappers can also be generated to enable rapid prototyping.
ccn	File and printer sharing have been popularized with Microsoft\\&#039;s Windows Network Neighbourhood and the Unix Network File System (NFS). Cluster computing has become an attractive choice for high-performance computing as workstation and network techno
ccnet	CruiseControl.NET is automated continuous integration server for the .NET platform.  It is a C# port of CruiseControl for Java.
ccnet-sendmsn	SendMSN Integration for CruiseControl.NET
ccnetconfig	CCNetConfig is a Graphical tool to create and maintain the CCNet configuration file for CruiseControl.NET. CCNetConfig allows you to create CruiseControl.NET configuration file by adding a new projects and setting properties.
ccnetcontrib	CCNetContrib is a repository for plug-ins, tools and extensions to the CruiseControl.NET continuous integration server.
ccnetplugins	A repository of CruiseControl.NET PlugIn&#039;s and other tools
ccni	CCNI (Chinese Chess Network Protocol) is a communication protocol for Chinese chess programs. It will provide a standard way for them to interact via LAN or internet. This project also provides a referenced implementation of CCNI.
ccoc	Shadowrun universe - a cyberdeck calculator, which will be integrated into the great Shadowrun-computerizing-initiative, by communicating with other Shadowrun programs.
ccod	C Cod is an application that allows for a C source file to be &quot;Compiled on Demand&quot; prior to being executed. The source files are compiled and executed on the fly. This allows for C to be treated like a scripting language.
ccompilersuite	CCompilerSuite is a complete framework to compile a rich dialect of ANSI-C onto a RISC-like assembly, with a Virtual Machine as well. It provides for minimized tree creation, partial evaluation and semantic checks. Project is in C++ and fully extensible.
ccomponent	This is a Eclipse plug-in which extends pure::variants and CaesarJ. CaesarJ  is aspect oriented programming language which gives chance to create reusable components and pure::variants is Eclipse plug-in to model product variants.
ccomx	CCOM - a lib for serial port interface
cconnect	customerConnect is a customer service software support solution comprising live interactive customer chat (interAct), ERMS (Email Response Management System) (emailGateway), and an online help center (knowledgeBase). See http://www.customerConnect.org.
ccontroller	powerfull php-based CMS; features: one-click module installation and update; huge number of modules; search-engine friendly output; new, inovative area-, language-, user- and slot-system; upload once-&gt;use online GUI; load modules DIRECTLY from our ser
ccoptions	A Java program to enable users to comprehend the \\&quot;Contraction and Convergence\\&quot; model for reduction in carbon emissions as proposed by the Global Commons Institute. Intended primarily as a demo for government delegates at UN conferences
ccore	A simulator for the CPU used in the CRAY YMP-EL 92, intended to become a full-scale CRAY emulator.
ccorr	Repairs corrupt files by combining the good bytes from multiple corrupt copies. If you have (downloaded) many copies of the same file, and the corruptions are in different places, it is possible to fix the file.
ccount	CCOUNT is a free package for market research data cleaning, manipulation, cross tabulation and data analysis. Similar to, and uses the same syntax as, SPSS-MR Quantum, a well known commercial package for processing market research data.
ccounter	CodeCounter is a tool to count - code lines / empty lines / commented lines - usefull for project statistics.
ccp	Cyberspace Co-Pilot is an open-ended project designed to aid users in navigating the internet.  There are intended to be broad uses but at first a web portal system will be developed allowing the user to manage their own &#039;view&#039; of the world wid
ccpeek	CCPeek monitors the build status and JUnit test result of cruise control projects.
ccpgplot	C++ interface to the plotting library pgplot. Modelled around the standard IOStream library.
ccpl	CCPL is a C++ stream based plotting library interface that support multiple libraries including PGPLOT and GNUPLOT.
ccpn	Collaborative Computing Project for NMR (CCPN)
ccpop	ccpop is a POP3 mail notify daemon with support for multiple mailboxes. The daemon will periodically check a remote POP3 mailbox for changes and notify the user by playing an audio file if new mail has arrived. The script is small and easily configured.
ccpostlicensing	CC Post licensing it&#039;s a Wordpress plugin that allows he individual license of a post under the Creative Commons licenses
ccprobe	CCProbe supports sensor and model-based visualization and analysis along with a Lab Notebook for saving and communicating probe data and views.  Written in Waba and available under the GPL it runs on PalmOS, WinCE, PocketPC, Windows, MacOS, and Linux.
ccquiz	ccQuiz is a PHP script utilizing PHP, HTML, and JavaScript to allow the user to memorize something for which there is a question and an answer using Flashcards, Multiple Choice, and Direct Entry.
ccr	This project aims to create a tool that can checkout a repository, run its tests and report on the results.  Initially, it will focus on Perl modules/apps but hopefully it will eventually be usable with different languages.
ccr-resources	This project is an effort to provide open source resources to support the development and deployment of the ASTM Standard Specification of the Continuity of Care Record (CCR) Standard - ASTM E2369
ccreator	The ClassCreator is a web-based software that builds database abstraction classes diretcly from the source! The system access your database to get informations about a specific table and map it into a file containing a PHP class to handle this table.
ccrf	C++ version of CRF package to imitate Java like syntax.
ccrg	We will provide patches for the FREE g95 fortran compiler . We have worked on G95 compiler for some time.
ccrg-g95	Patches for GNU Fortran 95 Compiler.  Contributed by Creative Compiler Research Group.
ccritters	A simple environmental simulator written in the Functional/Logical language Curry.
ccroom	A java/swing program to manage a computer room (submiting computer states, viewing hardware/software status , communicating with the administrator etc)
ccruncher	CreditCruncher computes the Value At Risk (VAR) of large credit portfolios using the Monte Carlo method. Keywords: ratings, transition matrix, survival function, sectorial correlation matrix, copulas, VAR, TCE, CreditMetrics, Cholesky Block Matrix, MPI
ccrypt	ccrypt is a command-line utility for encrypting and decrypting files and streams. It replaces the old Unix crypt utility. Ccrypt provides strong encryption, based on the Rijndael cipher, the cipher that is also used in the Advanced Encryption Standard.
ccs	The City Car Share project provides a free (GPL), web-based scheduling and reservation system for shared vehicle organizations.  The intent is to reduce the initial and long-term technology costs for car-sharing organizations.
ccs-technology	Implementation of website technology for car sharing (and similar) organizations.
ccsat	Cisco configuration security auditing tool for large numbers of devices that reports high-level summaries with details down to device interfaces, lines, ACLs and ASs.
ccscoff	Displaying information about the contents of COFF format files which were built by CCS compiling tools of Texas Instruments; disassembling such COFF files.
ccscript	class derivable embedded scripting engine for near real-time and state-event applications.
ccsentry	CCSentry takes the pain out of CruiseControl build-failure notification.  This application provides user-friendly notifications without getting in the way.  It is intended to be very configurable so as not to spam developers with irrelevant events.
ccseo-waitlist	Developed by the Cancer Centre of Southeastern Ontario, this app. gives care providers a snapshot of a patient&#039;s complete care pathway. The goal of the project is reduce individual wait times through enhancing communication and coordination of care.
ccserver	Copyright Control Server:  Provides filtering and search services for file sharing services to determine whether or not content is copyrighted.  Implemented in Cocoa on Mac OS X.
ccsi	CopperCore Service Integration (CCSI) is a framework that integrates the CopperCore (http://www.coppercore.org) IMS Learning Design engine with other e-learning service specifications like IMS QTI.
ccsig	C++ signal class library.
ccsl	C++ Crossplatform serialization library: simplicity of use, functionality, Builder-like properties, support of various formats of the data (XML, binary, etc.)
ccsrch	ccsrch is a tool that searches for contiguous credit card numbers (PANs) within files on windows and UNIX operating systems.
ccssadventure	A simple 2D adventure game coded by the Concordia Computer Science Society. When it will be finished, it shoudl be similar to other adventure games that dominated the market a few years ago.
ccsu-taskman	Web server based cross project task scheduling tool for use by resource managers, product managers, developers and testers to properly plan and schedule tasks across the many projects they may be working on.
cct	Dan Brown&#039;s Fan? Wanna try out some Crypto stuff yourself..Then here is the kit for you, Classical Crypto Toolkit (CCT). Perform encryption, decryption &amp; cryptanalysis using methods like Caesar, PlayFair and others.
cctbx	Please visit http://cctbx.sourceforge.net/ . Source code and binary bundles are available at http://cci.lbl.gov/cctbx_build/ .
ccte	CCTE is a CGI Test Enviroment. It&#039;s inteded to provided an automated tool for testing web applications.
ccterm	Colour ECMA-48/ANSI compatible telnet terminal for Win32/95/etc.
cctiddly	ccTiddly is a server-side TiddlyWiki adaptation using PHP and MySQL to store tiddlers. Based on phpTiddlyWiki by PatrickCurry, it allow its user to change their tiddly over HTTP. Our mailing list for updates: http://sourceforge.net/mail/?group_id=156016
cctools	Tools and libraries that facilitate the use of Creative Commons licenses and associated metadata.
cctrayicon	ccTrayIcon is a Java application which displays a &#039;traffic light&#039; icon in your system tray, showing the current build status of projects on a CruiseControl integration server. It should run on any platform supported by JDIC [https://jdic.dev.ja
ccts	CCTS Tools
cctt	This is a tool for testing COBOL source code, that uses the SSA (Single Static Assignment) form as intermediate representation to obtain certain kinds of definition-use chains.
cctunes	An album based scriptable mp3 player based on cocoa, webkit and iTunes
cctv	Tools for Vietnamese Language
cctvdrm	this project mainly describe the total design of right server which plays the leading role in DRM, and then another important part is how we implement the User Management System in the Right Server
cctvnix	CCTVnix will be a complete CCTV video surveillance system for use with V4L2 complient capture cards. Much like Kodicom, and other commercial Windows based software, it will feature motion detection, remote interfaces and event notification. Watch this sp
ccubed	C^3 is an open source project to bring Gamecube LAN games online via tunnelling.  It will also support features for communication with other players and easy methods of setting up games with other players.
ccull	c++ and c utility library for linux
ccursor	Small, platform-independant code to perform functions, like GotoXY on consoles. Works with Windows console windows as well as TTY consoles. When using TTY consoles, it directly outputs TTY commands.
ccutil	Handles capture, decoding, formatting and output of data scanned from a CueCat scanner. It can monitor scanner input into any running application, re-format it, and output it back to the active application automatically. Output can include any keystroke.
ccvalidate	A Java library for validation of credit cards.  Implements the Luhn Algorithm to ensure the card number is well formed, checks card type prefix&#039;s and length.  The rules are stored in a text file allowing new cards to be added without changing the so
ccvdr	Closed Caption (CC) decoder for VDR.
ccview	CCView is a C++ class browser for the GNOME environment. CCView provides bonobo wrappers to control popular editors.
ccvnc	VNC Proxy Server:  to allow VNC sessions to occur when one or both sides of the session are behind a firewall.
ccvs	CVS - The Concurrent Versions System, the open-source standard for version control.
ccvssh	ccvssh is reimplementation of cvssh in C. It is external program called by cvs (via :ext: method) and it connects to remote CVS pservers via SSL tunnel. It is fast and easy to use.
ccwakka	CooCooWakka is a PHP/MySQL based wiki engine with special support for Chinese.
ccweb	A home finance accounting system.  This perl-based web application uses double-entry transactions to track account balances.  Also includes auto-reoccuring transactions, budgeting, graphs, OFX import, statement reconciliation and many other features.
ccwiffer	The CCWiffer is a software project intended to help users to convert the raw mass spectrometry data from Wiff format into a standard XML based format, such mzXML and mzData.
ccwt	webHarvester.pm - aims to be a powerful &amp;&amp; comfortable interface to use regular expressions.
ccxml4j	CCXML4J - a CCXML Interpreter in Java according to the W3C specification. It is independent of the telephony infrastructure and provides mechanisms to integrate with telephony APIs, e.g. based on the JAIN specifications.
cd-base	With this program you keep track of your borrowed discs.
cd-cat	cd-cat is a Linux CD catalog that uses a virtual drive and a sql database engine for a faster and easier search.
cd-drive-dsa	Control a CD drive (transport) via the DSA protocol.
cd-fda	A small program for easily archiving several floppy disks onto CD so that exact copies of the disks can easily be recreated and so that the programs on those disks can be installed from the CD.
cd-hunter	Have a ton of cds? Don\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;t know how many you have borrowed and how many you have lent? CD-Hunter is the solution to all your problems. Written in C and GTK+ this software is a fast and easy open source program to keep track of all your CDs.
cd-kjg	CD-K is intended to be a dynamic catalogue system. A set of categories will be included to support cataloging of songs, books, movies, programs, games as well as the ability to create your own catalogue.
cd-zine	PC-Zine is a software base that allows for a form of publishment called &quot;Pc-Zine&quot; to be made. This includes a backend, a frontend and a web based interface.
cd2html	A program which creates a html page of albums you own by grabbing data off the internet.
cd2image	Creation of a image of CD or DVD.
cd2ogg	Robust and highly customizable console/Gnome based CD to OGG/Vorbis and MP3 ripping/encoding with most of the features found in Grip, plus the ability to rip now, encode later. Now with the added power of Lemon!
cd2oggpc	CD to Ogg in one easy command line command.\nInstall on Win32 and run from command prompt:\nCD2oggPC C:My Target Directory for ogg Files\nwhere &quot;C:My Target Directory for ogg Files&quot;\nis where you want your ogg files to be put.
cd4viet	Setup your own Softwares CD Shop on Internet
cda	Chart Data Adapter - Making easier to Generate Charts based on Data Sources
cda4j	&quot;CDA for Java (cda4j)&quot; - Object-orientated (Java-) representation of CDA-documents.&quot;CDA for Java&quot; achieves the objective to obtain an object-orientated representation of CDA-documents (Clinical Document Architecture) within the Java p
cdadmin	This program which you can query on line&amp;#12289;update&amp;#12289;insert and delet is geared toward CD-management on campus.
cdalogue	File catalogue and search system - ideal for all those CD-Rs and magazine cover CDs you&#039;ve got under-foot...
cdam	cd audio maker (cdam) makes an audio cd from .ogg .wav and .mp3 files. supports .m3u laylists.
cdap	An online community framework for artists to collaboratively develop dynamic digital art using the Processing environment.
cdaship	CDAShip enables secure and safe information exchange of CDA documents on a P2P network. It applies XACML policies to the documents prior to the exchange. The policies can be overridden in emergency cases using a secret sharing scheme for key distribution
cdat	CDAT (Climate Data Analysis Tools) is an open-source, Python-based environment for scientific calculations and graphics with focus on the needs of climate modelers. It is coordinated by the Program for Climate Model Diagnosis and Intercomparison, Lawrenc
cdata	CDATA is a clinical database generator written in PHP that allows the user to define the database model as a simple text file (XML) and then create from the model the entire web application.
cdatabase	Cdatabase is a database application designed to fit the needs of C/PHP developers. To the user/developer it&#039;s an easy, comprehensive table/row DBMS similar to MYSQL. But truely, it maintains simplicity due to the fact that everything is flat file ba
cdatamanager	A simple persistence manager. It is based on java api (DatabaseMetada), jdbc drivers, generic access attribute pattern, ...
cdatastructures	A C# data structures library. From simple linked lists to b-trees.
cdatlib	CDAT is a Tangram-based database schema and object API for storing and manipulating phylogenetic character data.
cdautotool	CDautotool is a bash script for creating automatically a CD with free software (Windows, Mac...).: download the software from variuos repository, create and manage an html index and documentation, manage autorun, create the iso, manage customizations
cday	What happened on this day in history?  Lists event and birthdays for a given date.  Includes plenty of starter data, or add your own.  Displays date in multiple calendars such as Hebrew, Mayan, and Shire (LOTR).  GUI, CLI, web interface.
cdb	crewDB is a collection of Drupal modules for managing crew entry and results for the Cambridge University Bumps.
cdbackup	CD Backup helps administrators to backup their whole system to a CD. An option to autorestore may be avaible.
cdbaf	CAF is a framework for building component-oriented enterprise level database application. CAF is an extension of the PFC for Sybase PowerBuilder. Using this framework, developers can focus on the business logic and presentation aspects of application.
cdbase	cdbase is php-gtk program for cataloging and searching content of your CD library. Do you wanna have a file-list of cd all the time in front of you? This is a good choice.
cdbasetk	CdBase is a front-end for PGSQL. It grep the cdlabel and contents to maintain a database. Fully configurable, it create the db and the general table; each cdrom has its own table in relation with the generic table.
cdbbcfmx	cdBB [Coldfusion Driven Bulletin Board] is an open-source message board written using technologies like Coldfusion, XML and Java. It goals to be a complete open source  enterprise solution for online communities.
cdbk	A CD-RW backup utility aiming convenience and efficiency : Needs minimum CD intervention. Fills CDs 100% with individual .bz2 files. Saves all special files and attributes. Works online or batched : No realtime CD change needed even for multi-CD backups!
cdbkup	cdbkup performs full or incremental backups of local or remote filesystems onto CD-R(W)s. Results are stored as tarballs on single- or multi-session ISO CDs. It works either interactively for multi-CD backups, or non-interactively for single-CD backups.
cdbrowser	Catalog and browse files on CD and HD, also searchs on edonkey / emule network and saves the search. Indicates if an edonkey / ed2k file is on some CD and helps locating similar content.
cdbrowserkit	The CD Browser is a user interface system that starts when a CD placed in a drive, greeting the user and offering then an intuative interface to the options available on the media. This kit, along with the K-Meleon browser, will allow one to be created.
cdburn	CDBurn is a Click and Burn utility which gives you a nice and easy to use interface. It gives you drag and drop support, create ISOs, nice progress bar, etc etc. Now you dont have to learn the details if you don&#039;t have time. Just Click and Burn.
cdburner	CD burning application based only on Gtk2.
cdbxx	Constant Database C++ bindings
cdc	My CD Catalog allows you to search for files on CDs that you have cataloged with the program.  You can also Add a CD, Remove a CD, Browse CDs, Export a List, and Remove Files from a CD. It&#039;s a very simple program, but a very useful one also.
cdcat	Multiplatform CD catalog program ,store data in Gzipped XML format; search with regex ,etc.
cdcatalog	Simple yet effective CD indexing program.
cdcatfs	Utility to create and maintain a CD catalog and mount it as a filesystem using FUSE.
cdcentral	Centralized database for cataloging CD collections.  Database is browseable through an HTML interface; a client component generates XML album descriptions with automatic FreeDB lookups that can be uploaded to the server for easier album entry.
cdchanger	A very small utility to switch the active cdrom in a changer drive. works with n-many disk changers, where n &gt; 1.
cdchooser	The application picks a cd to play randomly from a table.\nIt will not choose a cd that was listened until all other cds were listened too.
cdcollect	CDCollect is a CD/DVD catalog application for gnome. It&#039;s goal is to be able to catalog your entire CD/DVD collection allowing for searches of your CD/DVD files with a clean and simple interface.
cdconstruct	If your harddisk is full with files and you want to put them on CD or DVD and after that, to keep the evidence of them browsing on a web page from that CD (DVD) or using a dedicated application, well use this.
cdcover	cdcover allows the creation of inlay-sheets for jewel cd-cases. It is written in Python and uses Python-TK to provide an easy to use GUI. cdcover can access a CDDB-Server to get title and track-Info for audio CDs.
cdcoverdesigner	Cd Cover Designer is a program for designing and storing cd covers. It supports different cover sizes, CDDB service and allows you to organize your covers into groups. Simple grahpical editor makes it easy and fast in use.
cdctl	cdctl controls your cd/dvdrom drive under Linux.
cdd	Customer Driven Development allows the consumers of open-source software to provide feedback and direction to its creators.  CDD provides infrastructure to allow features to be voted, suggested, and a secure email database for notification.
cddarip	CDDA Ripper XP is an audio CD ripper program that provides support for NT/2000/XP natively (ASPI manager is optional). It supports WAV-MP3-OGG-FLAC-ACM codec encoding and can be used to rip multiple CDs. It uses newest encoders like LAME and Ogg/Vorbis.
cddb	cddb is for users who wants to make database of theirs collected mediums (vhs, cds, dvds etc) with detailed infos
cddb-locate	cddb-locate will let the user to build databases with the content of data-CDs and from directories or filesystems.
cddb-php	Implementation of CDDB Server Protocol using PHP Language
cddb2html	Converting a local cddb (freedb) database into html
cddbase	Compact Disc management database, with support for lyrics
cddbcomp	A Borland Delphi/C++ Builder/Kylix component for freedb access. Provides full support for the most important forms and functions of freedb access.
cddbinasp	A cd catalogue program, written in asp and linked to an access database. Features include add/view/delete records, sort records and the ability to check cd?s in and out of the catalogue.  Fully functional from the web using IIS.
cddblinkd	The BeOS cddblinkd daemon based off sample code by Be which allows automatic naming of cdda files when you mount a CD.
cddbogg	Java based program for renaming and tagging Ogg Vorbis files using CDDB
cddcdbzmanager	CDDC-DBManager is an OpenSource database manager which supports MySQL, PostgreSQL, FireBird, InterBase, Sybase, Oracle, Microsoft Access and Microsoft SQL Server databases servers. Features database structures management, data editor and SQL Query Tool.
cde	console desktop environment, for those who hate this dumb gui thing
cde-investigatr	View code and data together in your browser. In the browser the code is made interactive; you can click on variables, conditions, loops and function calls. That way you can view all the runtime details together with the code.
cdeengine	CDEengine is a php library which aims to encapsulate the general database functions in PHP and provide a Cross Database Engine for php development where developers need to change the database but not their code.
cdelib	CDL provides a generic C++ framework to write algorithms for the calculation of molecular descriptors. CDL provides efficient substructure search, fingerprints and pharmacophore algorithms, and many more for the calculation molecular descriptors.
cdemu	CDemu Kernel Module for Linux
cdepend	cdepend is a tool for finding unused functions in a bundle of several files of C code. It checks up which functions call which, and finds those that are never called. In addition, it is a useful tool to estimate the impact of changing some function.
cdetect	Feature detection for portable C/C++ projects.
cdex-alt-rupack	CDEx russian alternative lang pack
cdexchanger	CDExchanger is a set of tools for Exchanging Audio CD Informations with friends.
cdexos	CDex is a CD-Ripper, extracting digital audio data from an Audio CD. The application supports many Audio encoders, like MPEG (MP2,MP3), VQF, AAC encoders.
cdext	This project provides a change directory extensions / enhancements for bash, sh, ksh, csh, and tsh shells to their built-in cd command. The extensions provide alias names for directory paths, environment variables based on the alias names, and a
cdf	CDF: Concisus Development Framework aims to provide a rapid development environment of PHP and AJAX web applications.
cdfind	Command line CD catalog utility with the possibility of indexing automatically all the directories in the CD.
cdfix	cdfix - Recovers as much of a damanged CDROM as possible.  Uses dd_rescue to move files to a specificed directory.  All data that is recoverable is recovered in the proper files.  If you need a last chance, you will recover at least some data.
cdfly	CdFly is a crossplatform CD collection manager written in c++ using the brand-new qt4 library by trolltech and storing its data in a sqlite3 database. Supported platforms are Linux and Windows. Mac OS X should work too but is not tested.
cdfw	CD-ROM Firewall is a Red Hat/FEDORA based firewall that boots off a CD-ROM. Utilizing a headless, diskless computer it can provide services such as network address translation (NAT), virtual private network (VPN), ADSL connnectivity, DHCP, DNS, and many
cdg123	cdg123 is the code name for the free CD+G project. It aims to create the needed tools for the playback and creation of CD+G content under the free GPL-2 license. First stage is to create a decoding library.
cdgtools	A suite of tools for handling CD+G karaoke disks and files. Rips CD+G disks to MP3+G files, and burns CD+G disks from MP3+G and OGG+G files.
cdillo	Translating DILLO(www.dillo.org, under gpl) to Chinese with Additional patches, supporting both GB and BIG5.
cdimagetools	Development of tools for converting various CD images that currently aren&#039;t natively supported by Linux CD burning tools, including Discjuggler and Nero.
cdindex	This is desktop CD catalogization program for KDE. It collects information about filesystem structure on CD&#039;s and stores it in XML base.
cdindexer	Utility for indexing cds, backups and so on: It scans recursively the contens of the directory, removing the prefix given at the command line and expanding all compressed files in a tree like fascion.
cdinterface	CDInterface is a tool to create autorun cd menu for your software collection.Will organize your softwares and have all the informations you want - title,description,serial number,updates,etc...An easy to use interface.No programming language is required.
cdis	CDIS means &quot;Context Dependent Instruction Set&quot;. Byte-code can extend its&#039; own Instruction Set (IS) in runtime by querying of Addit. IS (AIS). Each AIS has unique ID. Basic IS realized as the virtual stack-machine.
cdisas	MFC-based disassembler class for easy x86 disassembly.
cdiskscanengine	CD scaning engine for larger incremental backup systems and etc.
cdisplayex	CDisplayEx is a Comic reader based on CDisplay. It use the popular 7-zip plugins to read many archives types like cbr cbz cbt rar zip tar 7z lzh arj cab tar.gz tar.bz2. It supports jpeg png gif and bmp images.
cdive	Cdive extracts function, macro, type, and variable information from one or more C files for a simple tool that gives a good start to source documentation and gives a good, quick impression of the contents and purpose of a source file.
cdj	a mod_perl CMS framework, which is fully template driven and optimised for speed and performance.
cdjavajuke	Java Juke box GUI that ties into the existing public APIs to provide an interface for easy use and configurability. Audio media player meant to be used for public use of a computer such that it would function as a kiosk similar to an actual jukebox.
cdk	The Chemistry Development Kit (CDK) is a Java library for bio- and chemoInformatics and computational chemistry. It is the basis of other projects like JChemPaint, Jmol, SENECA and NMRShiftDB.
cdk4msp	CDK4MSP stands for Cross Development Kit for the Texas Instruments MSP430 MCUs and should you support with a comprehensive Assembler and C development environment for even this processor familie under Linux or similar host systems. It will present only f
cdk4nios	CDK4NIOS stands for Cross Development Kit for Altera&#039;s soft core processor NIOS and should you support with a comprehensive Assembler and C/C++ development environment under Linux. It will present only free of fee tools, so you can use it without ri
cdkandxsuite	CDK Scheduler, XRecord, XSearch, and XGuide are a set of plug-ins for the GBPVR personal video recording software.  It provides priority scheduling, and recording management.
cdkatalog	It is a perl script for catalogue Disks (CD/DVD or main folder of any disks).Works only in MS Windows with Perl interpreter (32 or 64 bit)
cdkeeper	CDKeeper is an application that facilitates the organization of CD collections.  In it&#039;s present form, it is intended for Data cd collections, but plans are in the making for organizing audio cds as well.
cdkeyper	CD Keyper is a Database Application programmed on the .NET 2.0 Framework using Visual Basic .NET which is designed to hold CD Keys and related information. The database uses 168-bit DES Encryption to secure your CD Keys.
cdkmenu	User/Admin Menu wrote on perl Using CDK
cdkpp	CDK++ is an attempt to make a Java like API for C++ developers.
cdktools	The Octet-CDK interoperability package.
cdl	CDL (Configuration Definition Language) is a language that allows programmers to define the structure of configuration file, its format, interdependents and limitations among parameters in human-readable view, and gives easy-to-use API to manipulate it.
cdlabeldesigner	CD Label Designer is a cross platform graphical cd label and cd cover editor for proffessional and home use.
cdlib	CDLibrary is an organizer for your cd library. You can keep the contents of your CDs (including data about length, date..) and search for a specific file/cd.
cdlibre	cdlibre is a Spanish collection of Free and Open Source software for the Microsoft Windows operating system. The homepage is http://www.cdlibre.org.
cdlight	Cdlight is a software and some schematics to use Maxims 1-wire components with Linux. At this state it can switch on and off electric devices with a DS2405 and collect info from the DS2450 A/D-converter.
cdlinux	Chinese Debian GNU/Linux running on Live! CD
cdlivre	O CDLivre visa contribuir com o desenvolvimento do software livre através da distribuição gratuita de um CD explicativo com uma seleção de softwares de código aberto que atendam às 4 liberdades do projeto GNU.
cdllib	Framework for rapid development in C++. It will provide with the means to do the basic graphic display stuff (open a window, display images, etc), and basic math functions/objects, such as vectors, matrices, random numbers.. will also provide threads, m.
cdlogo	This project aims to be able to create logos on the burnable side of a cdr or dvdr. The logos will be similar to those created by Yamaha&#039;s CRW-F1UX harware. It will also be able to exist in space left unused by actual data.
cdls	System of CD loaning in PHP/MySQL.
cdm	?????????? ?????? ?????? delphimaster.ru
cdma	This program give you a database over all your CD&#039;s in the home. Oh, just not CD&#039;s, but also DVD&#039;s, HD-DVD&#039;s, Blueray&#039;s. You name it! Just in a non-downloadable alfa.
cdman	A struts-based server application for managing audio-cds. Backend is a JDBC-compliant database, servlet container e. g. Apache Tomcat. Programming Language is JAVA.
cdmaze	CD Maze is an easy to use CD-ROM/DVD-ROM catalog system for the GNOME/Unix/Linux-Desktop.
cdmedicpacsweb	Full featured free PACS based on ctn , dcmtk and mysql, with remote administration using apache mod perl and imaging processing capabilities using ImageMagick , Grevera&#039;s dcm2pgm DICOM converter and AFNI, available in Debian packaging format for i38
cdmio	Cdmio is a tiny Cd-Player for Linux boxes. It currently supports Gtk+ gui and dynamical load of applets. Now with some new OpenGL applets !
cdmirror	CDMirror is a a suite for reading, recording, converting between cd images and blanking cds with a friendly user interface - made with Java-Gnome. These operations are performed with an internal java library made in JNI (made from scrach).
cdml	The goal of the CDML Project is to define a comprehensive formal language that describes contra dances and similar folkdances, can be read and understood by both software and humans, and can be extended.  Please see http://www.farmdale.com/cdml/
cdmount	CdMount is a simple Gtk interface to the system commands mount and umount to use with systems where these functions arent easily accessed.
cdnavigator	CDnavigator is an application that files your CD in a database. It also deposits information about photos (JPG), music (MP3) and films saved in media. You can also store another metadata as notes, rating, etc. to this data. You can search over all items.
cdnpayroll	Calculates Canadian payroll taxes, CPP, EI, WCB etc. Produces various outputs suitable for either stand-alone or (esp.) in use with another program. Linux GUI in Kaptain. As of 2005-10-14,this project may now be found at: http://cdnpayroll.gemlog.ca/
cdo	CDO is a collection of command line Operators to manipulate and analyse Climate and forecast model Data. Supported data formats are GRIB, netCDF, SERVICE, EXTRA and IEG.
cdoc	cdocumancer is a console based client for documancer [ http://documancer.sourceforge.net/ ]
cdoc-gpl	Open Source document management software (idea from the sdms).
cdocumenter	Cdoc is a C documentation tool. It generates web-based documentation from source files containing K&amp;R or ANSI C. Function declarations are combined with the immediately preceeding comment to generate a description similar to a standard library defini
cdof	A Palm OS based Depth of Field calculator for photographers.
cdofun	Structuring &amp; Modelling of Collaterized Debt Obligations (CDOs)
cdogs	Take your character on missions, and shoot everything on sight. The sequel to Cyberdogs.
cdox	CDox is a Java program to create, edit and print CD-Documents, like booklets, cd front covers and back sides.
cdp	cdp is a console-mode CD player for linux which can be used either through an interactive, ncurses-based system, or a command-line system suitable for scripting.
cdphotoindex	CDPhotoIndex application helps you print a cd cover or a jewel case insert for CD with thumbnails of  photos.
cdplot	CDPlot (Column Data Plotting): a program for visualizing numerical data
cdplusplus	CD++ Modeler: For creating CELL DEV models and animating them.
cdpptoolkit	CD++ is a tool for Discrete-Event modeling &amp; simulation, based on DEVS/Cell-DEVS formalisms. More information on DEVS and Cell-DEVS, is at http://www.sce.carleton.ca/faculty/wainer.  CD++ is implemented using C++ and runs on Linux OS, and Windows/Cyg
cdpr	cdpr is used to decode a Cisco Disovery Protocol (CDP) packet, by default it will report the device ID, the IP Address (of the device), and the port number that the machine is connected to. Optionally it will decode the entire CDP packet.
cdpro	CDPro, or Contest Director Pro, is a tool to organize and operate remote controlled model aircraft contests and events.  It also manages model club memberships. CDPro is written in java with Eclipse RCP using SWT and XML.
cdr	cdr is a CD ripper for Linux. It&#039;s a simple program with a no-frills console interface. It does one thing well -- the user interface -- and leaves the rest to other components with the same philosophy.
cdrcftp	A stable ftp client ( C language ) with lots of features as in example : resume, passive and active mode options, use a specific dataport, shell escape, execute local commands, wildcardsin multiple gets, puts deletes... &lt;TAB&gt; complete, command hist
cdrdao	CD recording in DAO mode, console and Gnome based application.
cdrecbox	CDRecBox is a set of shell scripts to burn CDs under a Linux shell. It uses cdrecord and cdrdao to write CDs. It&#039;s easy to configure and use.
cdrecord-wiz	An cdrecord frontend, mainly an wizard. Also possible to save settings and write cd&#039;s on the fly by passing ISO path to the program.
cdrecorder	CDrecorder is a gui for cdrecord and mkisofs built using gtk (primarily).
cdred	Cdred is a Linux driver and two programs that enables *any* CD player software (xfreecd,gtcd,etc.) to use audio CDs inserted in other computer. In other words: you can listen an audio cd in a Linux box that doesn&#039;t have that cd inserted.
cdrider	The CD Rider is a CD Ripper/CD Player and Audio Encoder program. It can directly read the audio from your music CD-roms and store it on your hard drive in either WAV, MP3 or Ogg Vorbis format. Support free CDDB service.
cdrip	Extremely customizable bash script for ripping audio CDs. It gets album information from FreeDB. You can use any audio extraction software you like, with any encoder, and any related tools (for tagging, replaygain, etc...)
cdriveback	CDriveBack backs up partitions for Novice End Users. If the user boots the Live-CD, waits for it to settle, then hits enter, their C: Drive will be backed up. There are also advanced options.
cdrom	cdrom is a small C utility for controlling the CD-ROM drive (eject and speed) for GNU/Linux. It automatically mounts and unmounts the devices when used.
cdrom-lock	This small programme blocks the eject button at almost every CD/DVD drive and gives the user the power of controlling the CD/DVD drive by a small icon at the windows system tray.
cdrom2iso	There are two parts whitin this project, one is an ISO library which provide the basic capability to deal with CDFS format, another is a GUI that support an interface to the end user.
cdromtool	Modern CD-ROM drives tend to be noisy and spin down too quickly.  If your drive supports it, CD-ROM Tool can slow your drive down and keep it ready to read data for longer periods of time.
cdrtfe	A small burning application for Windows. cdrtfe is a frontend for the cdrtools (cdrecord, mkisofs, readcd, cdda2wav), Mode2CDMaker and VCDImager. It can burn data disks (CD and DVD), Audio CDs, XCDs, (S)VCDs and DVD-Video disks.
cdrtfe-install	A Custom NSIS Installer for cdrtfe, cdrtfe is a Win32 frontend for some functions of Jörg Schilling&#039;s cdrtools.
cdrtoaster	Graphical frontend for writing CDs. A shell for &#039;mkisofs&#039;, &#039;cdrecord&#039;, cdrdao  and &#039;cdparanoia&#039;. It will burn audio, data, bootable, and combo CDs.  It can burn iso, xcd or cue/bin files.  It can rip audio and data tracks, a
cdrtoolfe	A simple cross-platform front-end for CDRTools.
cdrtoolsfe	CD tools to read write CDs / DVDs / Images,  mostly front ends for cdrtools, written in VB.NET for win32.
cdrx	CDRX.pl is a perl script designed to handle CD-R/W device setup, CD-R/W blanking, burning, and ISO creation.  It can create ISO&#039;s or burn CD-R/W&#039;s from another CD, from a directory of files, or even allows you to choose a &quot;mix&quot; of fil
cds	CDS plots and analyzes output from numerical climate models. It is capable of comparing climate model simulations and/or observational data. It consists mostly of a series of MathWorks Matlab language scripts and reads data in NetCDF format.
cds-bcr	The BCR flavor of Cooperative Data Sharing (CDS) is a scalable, portable, flexible C-based API and daemon for initiating and communicating between processes/threads in uniprocessor and multiprocessor (e.g. distributed, SMP, and parallel) platforms.
cdsa	CDSA is a security middleware specification and reference implementation that is open source, cross-platform, interoperable, extensible, and freely exportable
cdscc	General project page for the CdS Computer Club. Includes Java IRC Client for general and collaborative use, and other various projects in development.
cdscluster	CDS Cluster is a free, OS independent and stable High Availability Cluster software for any device with perl installed. CDS Cluster is powerfull, based on commercial Cluster solutions like Sun Cluster and Veritas Cluster Server.
cdserver	CD distributable version of Apache, mod_perl, Perl, PHP, MySQL Server.
cdsh	Shell project for a better shell on UNIX like systems Improved.
cdshare	CD Share - CDROM sharing management software.
cdshell	tool for playing and controlling audio-cds in a shell
cdsite	CDSITE - installer of last version Apache, MySQL, PHP and CRON for Windows. CDSITE runs from any location, including directories with names containing spaces, CD or DVD. Includes interactive monitor.
cdsonline	This project is an effort to develop a web based diagnostic and management tool for patients and physicians based on the concepts of Bayes theorem, probability and scientific data provided by the healthcare Journals.
cdsp4	Advanced Software Configuration Management (SCM) for Cadence DFII. Delivers full Perforce capability to Cadence DFII using Best Practices for SCM. Please see http://public.perforce.com/public/perforce/cdsp4/index.html
cdsphp	Cds-php is a tool to manage all the related one to the technical service of a computer science company. It is written in PHP and it uses MySQL as data base. Esta optimizado para el trabajo en Uruguay. Permite administrar Service, RMA, Ventas, Logistica y
cdss	The CD Sharing Server is a framework for the distribution of software installation media images and their contents over multiple file sharing protocols
cdstat	Provides an easy and fast way to store information about your CD / DVD disks collection.
cdsticker	CD Sticker converts the common CD content index files to HTML and prints the CD Covers.
cdstow	CDstow is a CD ripping program that is a front end to other cd ripping and audio codac programs. Features include: CDDB lookup, multiple processes/threads, dynamically loaded plugins, customized file naming, and regex name filtering.
cdt	An extensible, modular, network-based cueing system interface (and interface object library) for controlling Mirage (https://sourceforge.net/projects/mirage/) and related real-time media engines for performing arts. written in Max/MSP.
cdt-contrib	A collection of Eclipse plug-ins that extend the CDT (C/C++ Development Tooling) component of Eclipse.  These plugins are generally experimental and/or for specialized purposes.
cdt-gnu-ppc	A plug-in for the Eclipse C/C++ Development Tooling (CDT) that adds new Project Types specific to PowerPC C/C++ development.
cdt-t2	This is a academic work for a Telecomunnications and Networking discipline
cdtag	Interface and &#039;release logic&#039; projects for the leading tool in the MP3 release scene.
cdtar	Graphical Backup Utility for use with CD Writers to span across CDs when necessary. Provides a method to compare and selective restore data. Uses cdr cdrw disks. Called cdtar!
cdurry	CDurry&#039;s goal is to effectively calculate and handle CDC Growth Chart data digitally and graphically. Recent versions are written in C++/GCC for UNIX-like systems and cross-compiled for Win32 binaries (As opposed to original C#/.NET version).
cdvcounter	Win32 app for analog Geiger Counters such as the CDV-700.  Connect its\nheadphones to the input on your PC&#039;s sound card and you have a digital\nlogging scalar for your GC.  You can integrate over arbitrary duration for\nbetter sensitivity.
cdvd-rw-hdd	Allow Desktop and Laptop users to write/delete/move files on CD-RW or DVD-RW  discs (all formats) using their internal or external write enabled CD or DVD drives as if they were a hard drive or a very large floppy drive.
cdw	cdw is an ncurses and GTK2 based CD burner, ripper and catalogizer front-end for Linux console or GTK2 gui witch can work together with cdrecord, mkisofs, cdda2wav, oggenc, lame and store the CD catalog in MySQL database.
cdw-ng	Cdw-ng is the Next Generation fork of cdw. Cdw-ng is a gtk based, platform independent DVD burning front-end (for dvd+rw-tools and mkisofs/growisofs) written in Mono C# focusing on DVD burning with the original cdw features.
cdx	CDX is a free GDK (Game Development Kit) which is comprised of a set of C++ wrapper classes for writing Windows games.
cdx10	This project semilar to CDX library the different is a new features that will be added to this new library CDX10, why 10 cuz will be work on DierectX10 that mean VISTA OS will supported,and will never use copier code every things will be new also example
cdxscorebot	ScoreBot is a scoring framework which monitors the integrity of various network services for the purpose of scoring a network security exercise.
ce-usb-kit	The &quot;Ce USB Kit&quot; consists of a C API, a LabView API, and a set of utilties to support the commercial CESYS USB2FPGA board on the linux platform. It is a user-space solution written in C. Kernel 2.4 or above  (usbfs).
cea	Open source solutions around the ASAM CEA standard; developers and contributors are welcome to publish their work...
ceaxar	Cexar is a simple encripter for text, is for common users not for advanced hacker or CIA agents, is just for everyone that want to hide some write information whitou be a criptohrapher-----The project is on planning Fase---In a few week most be avaible--
ceb	The  Custom Eclipse Builder is a lightweight ant-based project that is intended to build a company/personal customized Eclipse version including company/personal relevant plugins, preferences and settings.
cebe-webadmin	It&#039;s a powerfull environment to easy administrate a web-page including many tools like visitor-statistics, forum- and guestbook management... \nAnything you need for your homepage in one tool.
cebmtp	A C++/Qt4 client for a little chat server.
cebolla	Layered framework for PHP5 Object-Oriented development. Commons, logging, object-relational mapping (ORM), internationalization (i18n), and MVC are first stage items.
cecaxi	Java based-on project. Simulates an assembly line, building toy trucks.
cecid	CECID is a PHP script designed to anonymize and cloak HTTP requests on restrictive connections. CECID is run on a remote, unrestricted server, and accesses pages for users, editing the page&#039;s source in realtime to evade content filtering software.
cecil	Cecil is a state of the art assembly manipulation library.
cecilia	CECILIA is an environment for music and signal-processing that uses Csound as its underlying audio processing engine. One can think of CECILIA as a completely programmable sound-processing tool, with real-time interactive processing on soundfiles or live
cecontacttools	ContactTools for PocketPC is a set of tools to manage, extend and organize your PocketPC contact list, some of them are made to improve the way Pocket Outlook Works, adding some missing functionality.
ced	ced is a text editor geared towards developers.  It is heavily command based and has customisable key and language definition files.  Sports syntax highlighting, carbon copy windows, infinite undo/redo, regexp search/replace, and rectangular selection.
cedam	A data manager capable of storing and organizing specific information.
cedar	The Cedar Framework is a project the aim of which is to create a versatile C# library for Microsoft .NET developers (both Open Source and commercial) whose primary concern are desktop applications.
cedarlogic	CEDAR LS is an interactive digital logic simulator to be used in the teaching of digital logic design classes, or for testing simple digital designs. It features both low-level logic objects, as well as some register-level functions.
cedarshare	The objective of the Cedar Share project will be to produce an application\nthat allows a user to gain access to on demand media.  Much like the Bit Torrent\nrange of applications the user will stream the media but in segments.
cedb	A tv show database written in Java.It offers a small database so you can associate, movies, songs pics to a given episode of a tv series.Can interface with any given media player.Uses xml to keep the series info.
cedet	Collection of Emacs Development Environment Tools
cedit	cEdit is an advanced and free alternative to both common text editors, and IDE&#039;s.  It has many of the features found in shareware editors, including extensive language support, function listing, built in FTP, projects, and docking support.
ceditor	Mouse cursor editor for Windows
cedrus	Cedrus is a visual administrator tool for PostgreSQL. Inspired by Oracle Enterprise Manager, it collects inside information about one or more PostgreSQL database servers, presenting all to the DBA in a web interface with graphs and reports.
cee-in-a-circle	Java development code libraries
ceespot	run compiled language text as program using #!/usr/bin/ceespot
ceevo	Ceevo aims to create a Freevo work-alike/look-alike, written in C as oppossed to Python in order to facilitate a dramatic increase in speed.
cef	The Computer Emulation Framework (CEF) is a common application framework for computer hardware emulation. It is flexible enough to emulate any hardware produced to date. CEF is used to create computer emulators.
cefarix	An open source operating system for x86.
ceflow	CEFlow, the .NET CF accelerated UI framework, facilitates the development of the user interface part in our Compact Framework 2.0 applications, proposing a model for navigating from screen to screen while adding good practices in performance
cegcc	CeGCC is a cross-development environment for creating Windows CE (Pocket PC) applications, from a Linux or a Cygwin host PC.
ceguisharp	A free rendered GUI library providing windowing and widgets for the easy creation of HUDs for games. It supports themes/skinning, XML-based configuration, and works with any graphics API or rendering engine including Axiom, Irrlicht, and SDL.NET.
cehnet	A Modular Java Network Server, that implements an Interface to Networking Modules including HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, DNS, POP3, DNS, SMTP, IRC, NNTP, SOCKS, PROXYING, ROUTING and SECURITY. SERVLET RUNNER CONTAINER, XSL, XML, XSLTC, DHTML, CEHNET.
cehrnet	CEHR Net (pronounced &amp;#8220;care net&amp;#8221;; collaborative electronic health record network) is a set of technologies for patient-controlled dissemination of clinical documents and observations to health care providers.  It is a virtual EHR.
cehtl	This library (pron. like &quot;settle&quot;), less than 500 LOC, provides class templates for sending and reacting to data-carrying events within a C++ program. It is typesafe, expressive, and standalone.
ceibe	Comunidade para traducir programas libres (open source) ao galego de xeito de promover a nosa lingua.
ceim	CEIM is a im client base on Jabber.
ceivalinux	CeivaLinux; Linux for the Ceiva Picture Frame!
cekb	The proyect CEKB (Control Engineering Knowledge Base) intends to develop an ontology about control engineering using the Stanford University Prot?g? software. The ontology must suply a friendly user interface so users could manage the knowledge.
cel	Crystal Entity Layer (CEL) is a game entity layer based on Crystal Space. It makes it easier for game developers to create games based on Crystal Space. CEL can optionally be used together with Python or other scripting languages.
cel-pad	C.E.L. Pad is a light-weight text editor written in Java. This program is cross-platform. C.E.L. Pad enables the user to select different look and feel options such as changing fonts, size, and Look &amp; Feel.
celatomar	aXnorg.projects.cel.atomar represents a framework of core components for development of applications based on the Crystal Entity Layer and, subsequently, Crystal Space 3D.\n\nThe controlling project for this project is aXnorg.projects.cel.frames.core.
celcellular	aXnorg.projects.cel.cellular is an application framework for the Crystal Entity Layer based on both the aXnorg.projects.cel.molecular and aXnorg.projects.cel.atomar frameworks.\n\nThe controlling project for this project is aXnorg.projects.cel.frames.form.
celebgond	The goal of this project is to develop a room based massively multiplayer online role playing game. The intention is to have several versions of the client (text based / MUD, 2D, and 3D) interacting with a single server.
celengine	Cel Game Engine is a general purpose Game and Virtual Realtity engine.
celeragb	The Celera Genome Browser, developed at Celera Genomics as part of Celera&#039;s sequencing and annotation of the human genome, and released as open source in 2006.
celerbb	CelerBB is a piece of forum software that is designed to provide a free alternative to much of the other large, expensive forum software that is available on the internet today.
celerity	Celerity, an open-source, Java based data-flow architecture that provides high performance with fine data granuality. Celerity offers a module based programming environment, which can parrellelize across processors, machines and architectures.
celeritybuilder	celerityBuilder is a collection of tools and patterns that enables rapid J2EE development.
celesbb	celesBB its an easy to use forum software writen in PHP it uses MySQL for databse. its main aim its to provide a fast forum (but functional) to personal, non-profit or small business  that can be EZ to implement on current web dessing whit no pain :P
celestia	Celestia is real-time 3D space simulation which lets you travel through our solar system and to over 100,000 stars in our neighborhood.
celestial	Celestial Visions promotes the creation of Celestial Bodies in all thier glory and splendour. Currently Celestial Visions is engaged in two projects. Addons for Celestia and a standalone application for exploring the Doctor Who universe.
celestialbamboo	A Python based news aggregator that supports HTML, XML-RPC, CGI, email and templates (skins).
celestialrpg	This is a new RPG game development kit, which, we hope, will feature a new and revamped battle system!
celestjava	Java algorithms to calculate celestial ephemerides, for astronony, and celestial navigation. Also provides the algorithms for DeadReckoning, like calculation of Estimated Altitude and Azimuth.
celframe	Celframe Voyager is a powerful web browser its include i-tunes (music player) All peers (Blog , share picture,upload and download file sharing), also include the site adviser from mac cafe. This Web browser is light and completely fast browsing
celframes	Controlling project for a the two sub-projects aXnorg.projects.cel.frames.core and aXnorg.projects.cel.frames.form.
celframescore	Controlling project for the two sub-projects\naXnorg.projects.cel.atomar and aXnorg.projects.cel.molecular.
celframesform	Controlling project for the two sub-projects aXnorg.projects.cel.cellular and aXnorg.projects.cel.organics2d.
celib	CELIB is ANSI C/POSIX layer library for Windows CE devices developped by Rainer Keuchel. It allows to port existing software to run on handheld and pocket devices. This project is devoted to maintaining the library.
celim	Complert CRM + ERP
celinux	ceLinux has several tools(LinuxFs.exe, Scripts, Linux kernels, etc) help people manage(explore, install) linux in windows.  Use the cmdline(in DOS)to start linux: loadlin.exe bzImage root=/dev/hdc1 loopfile=linux.ex2/linux.swp rw
cell	A object-oriented game engine. The engine abstracts the differences between APIs and platforms and allows scene-oriented coding. It use efficient data-driven and plugin design to change behaviour at run time.
cell2pc	Allows you to control your PC using any AIM-enabled device, and includes a web-administration panel.
cellaim	Wireless aim is a perl script AIM-&gt;SMS gateway, signs on an aim screen name and sends messages to cell phone or pager through providers website.
cellar	See Matt Wright for PERL CGI scripts. Upgrade to at least to Oracle8i if you need MD4/5 or binary operations for PL/SQL.
cellardoor	CellarDoor the latest of a long lineage of Interactive Fiction interpreters for PalmOS devices. It supports Z-Machine (V1-V8, inc. V6) and Glulx stories, as well as .zblorb and .gblorb files and graphics. Requires hi-res screen &amp; memory card.
cellautomatalib	A C++ library which provides an extensible programming environment for exploring Cellular Automata models.  Experiments written using this library can be run on the CAM8 CA supercomputer as well as conventional UNIX based workstations.
cellautorender	Renders cellular automata.
cellbasic	On-phone BASIC Interpreter for Java-Enabled Handhelds Mobiles Smartphones and PDAs. A &quot;pocket&quot; programming environment for kids beginners students scientist and programmers. That&#039;s to develop everywhere.\nIt&#039;s time to carry an interpet
cellbe-cygwin	A Cell/PS3 (PPU/SPU) gcc cross compiler and toolchain for the cygwin environment.
cellbeimgpro	A set of image processing functions for the CellBE processor
cellbuzz	Cell Broadband Engine Processor optimized libraries from Georgia Tech, for example for FFT, MPEG, compression, and encryption.
cellcomputing	The Zeus-Framework is a C++ framework using the paradigm of Cell Computing Model for Linux and Windows. Implements biological behaviours (cloning, genetic algorithmes, ect.). Used for grid computing, distribute systems etc.
cellcs	Simulation of cellular computers.
cellcycleonto	The Cell Cycle Ontology project aims to extend the existing ontologies for cell cycle knowledge, to build a resource that integrates and manages knowledge about the cell cycle components and regulatory aspects in OBO and OWL. Some complementary informati
celldb	Persistence Framework for J2ME; DAO layer for MIDP. It enables the developer to Query Value/Data Objects in a RecordStore. Contains methods like dao.save(vo), dao.update(vo), dao.delete(vo) and dao.findContaining(Class vo, String where).
celldist2dfft	A lightweight 2D FFT library for the Cell architecture.  Intended to do in-core,  2D FFTs distributed across the Cell&#039;s SPEs to achieve new heights in high-speed 2D FFTs.
celldoku	Sudoku for your J2ME-enabled cell phone.
cellframe	CellFrame - A data structure for experimental results of cell biology.
cellframework	The Cell framework is a scalable server framework written in C#. It&#039;s original purpose is for MMOG emulation but can be easily adapted to other areas. The project includes a proof of concept rewrite of the DAoC emulator DOL.
cellgis	CellGIS is a wireless planning tool that uses Java and ASCII Raster maps format. It allows to implement more propagation models and funcionalities by means of plug-ins.
cellimap	This is an incredibly simple IMAP client created for use with cell phones and cellular internet connections.  It provides limited but functional email capability where none is previousely present.
cellinux	Open source cellular platform
celllanguage	Cell is a powerful, featherweight, and cross-platform programming language for both embedding and stand-alone purposes. It has many useful features like dynamic typing, garbage collection, non-preemptive multithreading, and much more...
cellmap	Cell Motility Analysis Package analyzes timelapse sequences of moving cells. Various quantitites characterizing motility are calculated, including normal velocity of the membrane, cell contact area, and spatio-temporal auto-correlation functions.
cellmatebot	CellMate Bot currently allows google queries and aim functions through OSCAR. Made to be used form your cellphone&#039;s AIM client, CellMate Bot will be updated to include email, news and map directions in the future. For now, you can use Google SMS.
cellml	This is a project for Andre to share CellML related tools he works on that other people might find useful.
cello	Cello is a personal publishing platform with a focus on web standards, and usability, built on freepascal
cellocitylinux	Cellocity Linux is Based on Fedora Core 5 Source Code. Using the Kernel 2.6.16. with only basic core elements needed to operate Compatipal and a completley Graphic Interface as well as Text. Version 2.0 will include more applications 32,64 bit and CellCP
cellogica	Cellogica is a cellular logic analysis tool. It incorporates sequential logic and finite state machine to elucidate the relationship between transcription factors and corresponding gene expression.
cellontro	Cellontro models and simulates cells, other biological entities, and biochemical networks. Specify your models using XML and Java, or SBML.
cellosi	This is an umbrella project for applications on Cell Broadband Engine. The categories under the Cell/B.E. Umbrella will be Digital Media, DCC, EDA, Financial Services, Imaging, Life Sciences, A&amp;D, Seismic, HPC, Bioinformatics, Video Surveillance, Mis
cellosoft	Lascaux Sketch is one of the most advanced online sketch/drawing programs to date. Backed by a slick drawing engine, LS brings online drawing to a new level, featuring custom brushes (size, opacity, spacing, bleed), paper textures, and unlimited layers.
cellphone-chess	The chess game will run on cellphone and PDA platforms which support J2ME. The checss played by two players over the Internet. \nThis game is based on the code of Chinese Chess I wrote for fun years ago when I was school. I use J2X to support connection.
cellphonesb	Aims of Cell Phone SB project are providing various image-processing functions for cell phone platform. Mainly we will translate opencvs function into Java and Brew. Especially we are interesting to Haar face detector for cell phone camera.
cellpp	Cell++ is a novel stochastic simulation environment which is capable of modeling diverse biochemical phenomena including signal transduction pathways, metabolic pathways and intracellular calcium signaling.
cellsafe	CellSafe is a J2ME application and associated tools for securely managing sensitive information such as passwords on a cell phone.
cellsim	Cellsim is a simulator for developing a programming model based loosely on biological cells.  It is designed to make robustness and scalability intrinsic properties of programs.
cellsim-gol	CellSim (Game of Life) is a Conway&#039;s Game of Life clone programmed in Visual Basic. Net for the VITTA Game Programming Excellence Awards. Fully documented with nice features like variable grid sizes, saving/loading from an access database and much m
cellstorm	CellStorm is a web-based documentation development and management tool. We want to provide an advanced tool for organice, generate, and manage project concept/design documentation. This tool can be used to develop games, large projects, programs, etc.
cellstudio	The Cell Studio is a full Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for Cell Processor code development. It provides for editing, compiling, running, debugging, and simulating CBE code. It requires Linux and the CBE Software Development Kit.
celltracker	Uses the CellTrack Engine and MapQuest to display the location of a CellTrack enbaled mobile phone in semi-realtime. (OS - Windows, Language - VB6)
celltrax	Cell tracking and segmentation software
cellular	Conway&#039;s &quot;Game of Life&quot; for mobile devices.  An implementation of cellular automata - think of it as a fish tank for geeks!
cellular1	A cellulary Automata.
cellularmgr	Manages phonebook and SMS in your mobile phone (cellular) from your own computer. Allows a user to edit and retrieve phonebook in SIM card or memory, send SMS or group SMS and view your phone configurations. Supports all kind of phones; supports unicode.
cellulars	Desktop program and a screensaver for cellular automatas simulation.
cellulate	Distributed 3D cellular automata modelling software for large general purpose simulations.
cellumat3d	Cellumat3D is a tool for simulating and exploring 3D cellular automata. The simulated universe is effectively unbound and visualized using OpenGL. Currently 2-state automata similar to Conway&#039;s 2D &quot;Game of Life&quot; with customizable rulesets 
celmolecular	aXnorg.projects.cel.molecular is an extension to the aXnorg.projects.cel.atomar framework that introduces component level messaging like for example events.\n\nThe controlling project for this project is aXnorg.projects.cel.frames.core.
celorganics2d	aXnorg.projects.cel.organics2d is an extension to the aXnorg.project.cel.cellular framework. It will define a 2D GUI framework.\n\nThe controlling project of this project is aXnorg.cel.frames.form.
celox	Celox is a stripped down http server for the Linux operating system.   What it lacks in features it makes up in ease of use.   Stability and Portabilty are the main goals of the project.
celreference	The goal of this project is to provide a reference documentation for the Crystal Entity Layer property classes. The produced reference documentation will be made a future part of the official CEL documentation.
celsius	Celsius is a data warehouse that provides web services for upload, archival, download, annotation, quantification, and normalization of all Affymetrix microarray platforms.
celsiuslib	A win32 library for detecting CPU and Mother Board Temperature. Our aim is to provide a easy to use library that allows anyone to implement temperature monitoring in their software.
celsiusws	New web scripting language. Old versions are still available, but a new version is being developped upon a more powerful structure. Wait and see
celtic-battles	A strategic turn-based game, based on Battle of Wesnoth engine, to make to live again the ancient Glory of the Celts, where the respect for the nature and the observance of the mystic was stirred in the life every day.
celticlegend	A classic turn-based strategy game.
celui	CELUI Is a very light general purpose C++/OpenGL cross-platform framework that allows to create simple User Interfaces for simulations and games .
celula	Célula is an implementation of Conway&#039;s Game of Life written in Python using the Pygame and Numeric packages.
cem	CEM (Catalog Extended Managment) is a application to import Catalog informations based on BMECat oder XCBL format from systems like SAP CRM/R3. CEM is plugin based and offers serveral export plugins including an generator for html based offline catalogs.
cemanahuatl	Cemanahuatl is an open source project developed for the .NET platform, with the aim of providing a robust framework that will help developers create better applications with a better design in less time.
cementj	CementJ is a Java&amp;#8482; API that provides functionality needed by most Java&amp;#8482;/J2EE&amp;#8482; applications that isn&#039;t yet provided by the JDK specification directly.  This API is a foundation that fills the gaps between the JDK and you
cemix	CEMIX - Access control proyect for 8052
cemobileweather	Windows Mobile 5.0 weather client.  Display current conditions, daily and forcast weather for several locations.
cen-anthology	Centrix Anthology is a textbook tracking program that allows students and teachers to keep track of their books and fines. This system will work for an entire district as well.
cendor	Cendor is a MMORPG based on PlaneShift&#039;s source code and engine. It will have many diffrent classes, races, and places to play on. Many more features will be added once the game gets updated. It will also have a game updater will will let you update
cendrawasih	This project using perl, c/c++ and popular databases suc as mysql or postgresql and Oracle.
cengine	cEngine is an entirly open source 3d game engine written in C++ and OpenGL in Windows. Mainly for outdoor first-person-shooters.
cenotepad	CeNotepad is a remote Windows CE text editor (aka: a &quot;Notepad&quot; that can open text files on a connected device directly on the desktop).  It runs on Win32 platforms, and works with modern PocketPC and SmartPhone devices that connect through Acti
censor	The Internet Censor is a multi-platform, Internet clustering program, for which the resulting data will be used in the creation of a non-profit content-filtering Internet Search Engine for children.
censoraser	CensoRaser - A Censorship Analyzer to recognize, analyse and document censorship on the Internet.
censorfox	Firefox Extension which allows to monitor web censorship in various countries: shows current web page censoring while you surf.
census	Census, formerly NONMEMory, is a project manager for population pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic analysis using the nonlinear mixed-effect modelling application NONMEM.
centanya	Centanya Operating System is a Artificial Intelligence Operating System Project that will work on the development of a secure, stable and efficent AI operating sytem.
centarcms	Centaros CMS is a easy to use user friendly CMS that will make things easier for you when creating your site or just a plain old community. Join the revolution and try Centaros CMS today.
centaurforce	Centaur Force is a First Person Shooter being developed by FusionX Games.  It is based off a fictional squad sent out by the United Nations to stop a terrorist and communist rebellion.  It will feature multiplayer support only, and 32 player combat.
centaurious	Centaurus is a flexible and easy to use code generator. Its main task will be to generate strong-typed datasets as well as other DAL/BL. Yet, it can generate almost any kind of code.
centaurusx	Este é um projeto de um sistema operacinal baseado no padrão UNIX. Trabalha no sistema de arquivos xmfs ( baseado no ReiserFS ), utilizando o que há de melhor nas Kernels de outros sistemas operacionais livres ( Linux e FreeBSD ).
centericq-expl	I made this script to extract some info from Centericq (http://thekonst.net/centericq) profile-files (history, contact list). Some switches, simple templates for output, maybe something more in future. Centericq tha best!:)
centerim	A multi-protocol Instant messenger for the Console.\nForked from Centericq.
centerline	CenterLine is an track editor for N2K3 and is well reconized in the racing sim community. Centerline is now being opened up for other developers to join in to create the most powerful track editor possible.
centersl	CenterSL is a java API with the goal to centerlize the ServiceLocator of a EJB Application. Using XML to describe the EJBs JNDI.
centerstage	SEE THIS URL FOR THE PROJECT - http://sourceforge.net/projects/macmediacenter/
centipede	Centipede analyzes and visualizes Web-Pages by Keyword analysis.
centraddbook	One of the basic necessities for any office is an Address Book. Now what we also need is an Address Book accessible from anywhere on the Office LAN or even globally. This thing is many a times missed, that&#039;s why the CAB (Centralised Address Book) is
central-store	A complete suite for manage sales, purchases, invoices, orders of a generic store on PostgreSQL with: Gnome Admin App, Gnome Point-of-Sale App, Web-based admin app. Another goal is integrate the suite with an e-commerce app like osCommerce.
centralize	Centralize is a service allowing members to store their personal information in one main and easy to access web sevice. Aside from basic search capabilities the site will also have special APIs to allow other sites to aquire the users info.
centrallix	Centrallix is a web-based application platform &amp; data management engine, featuring data and application abstraction, rich (AJAX-ish) DHTML pages resembling a normal GUI, a SQL engine for multi-source queries, and declarative object-based development.
centraview	CentraView - Browser based Enterprise Java (J2EE) Contact Management, Groupware, Collaboration, CRM, SFA, Project Management software. Run locally or as a hosted service. Built on Apache Tomcat, JBoss, MySQL, Linux (Fedora, RedHat and others) &amp; Windo
centraview-eu	CentraView - european version is a (temporary) fork of the CentraView project, with patches and additions to make it comfortable for european users. The current development version is not fully compatible to the original Centraview application.
centre	Centre is a synthetic trajectory generator environment that aim to generate semantic-based trajectory datasets usable for spatio-temporal data-mining algorithms in testing and validation process.
centre-sis	Centre is an open-source student information system written in PHP.  It is web-based, and runs on PostgreSQL.
centreon	It&#039;s a futur evolution of Oreon project.
centricware	Inventory, manufacturing, sales (POS) automation suite that consists of software written in Java 6 and custom developed hardware.
centrinia	Centrinia is a modern mathematical modules library. It will also incorporate a Computer Algebra System.
centris	Centris IP-PBX, Asterisk, Centos OS freePBX. \ndiscoverpc.NET LLC http://centris.discoverpc.net
centropub	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
centum	Centum is an interpreted language that is intended to make it easy to express algorithms in, and is a hybrid between functional programming and object oriented programming.  To learn more install Centum or visit the project homepage.
century	Century : Century is an easy to use portal package for your website. The portal includes forums, news, articles, links and FAQs which can be integrated with popular chat and photo gallery scripts. Requires PHP 4.2+ and MySQL.
cenvotes	Library for centroidal voronoi tesselation.
cep	CEP (Core Enterprise PHP) is an enterprise application framework designed to make the development of modular, component-driven web applications a rapid and well-defined process. CEP extends PEAR, using PEAR packages where ever appropriate.
cepecd-br	cepecd.br - A CP400 (TRS 80 CoCo) emulator. Run games. A new, simple gaming environment
ceph	Ceph is a prototype distributed object-based file system that provides high-performance file storage that scales linearly with the number of OSDs and Metadata servers.
cephalopod	Cephalopod is a minimalist distro with the goal to rethink the way movies, and music are made and expierienced. While supporting the neccessary software to do this it is kept very small to be mobile and usefull in an indie media environment.
cepheus	Cepheus is a Client for several Cassiopeia HTTP Chat Systems (http://www.cassiopeia.com). You won&#039;t need any browser and login takes only some seconds. The final version will include a bot and script support.
ceps	A set of tools for making the adminstration and support of large number of printers dramatically easier.
cera	A Complex Event Recognition Architecture designed to facilitate the creation of intelligent user interfaces.
ceraan	This project is a complete redesign of the atlantis 4.0.10-based tarmellion project.\nWe will use Java instead of C++,\na my-sql Database to store data,\nXML for Client/Server Data-exchange and ruleset definitions.
ceramic	Tiled browser-based game engine in PHP, featuring templates, easy translation and full customisability using a backend of MySQL.
cerber	Cerber -- system firewall mechanism. It&#039;s a kernel module, which is a complete security solution for FreeBSD.
cerbergrid	Cerber Grid is a light-weight high performance grid that combines simplicity and easy of use with a powerful and versatile architecture.
cerberos	Cyber Forensic Solution specially designed and planned to be used in Indian legal context with the reference of NIST [USA] specifications. This is a solution framework combined with multiple open source tools &amp; utilities.
cerberun	cerbeRun is a software runner.The applications are stored inside a .tar file renamed with the extension .run. cerbeRun&#039;s format allows to switch between different architectures using a .xml file in which are specified different rules for different a
cerberus	cerberus is a modular and robust network operator and drone monitoring service designed to protect the network from common threats that plague the IRC community. Designed for compatibility with pure TS6 networks.
cerberus-auc	The main goal of Cerberus is to combine state of the art intrusion detection systems, firewalls and routers using the concept of agents
cerberus-kb	Open-source, public-user tools to bring the power of Cerberus Helpdesk to your website. Share public entries in your company knowledgebase with your customers through your website by providing a time &amp; money saving, customer self-help service area!
cerberus-os	Cerberus is an attempt at creating flexible and extremely customizable Operating System that can be used on many types of computer systems including desktops, servers, and embedded solutions.
cerberusproject	Cerberus Project is a robot control software, developed by Reading University students.
cereal	An emulation framework able to emulate 8051-compatible CPUs and connected devices, designed to allow easy addition of other (application-specific) devices to emulate.
cereal-web-kit	A customised version of phpBB as used by the PHP Developers Network and the &quot;Cereal&quot; project (latter very much a WIP).
cerealmod	Cereal. RP Mod for HL2.
cerebro	Cerebro is a collection of cluster monitoring tools and libraries.
cerebrus-fp6	To deliver HIS which will cover all aspects of healthcare in an implementable, sensible and secure manner. Also to provide all players of the healthcare system ambient intelligence so that overall system works more efficiently and safely.
ceres	Ceres - Micro WebServer for J2ME
ceres-dms	Ceres IT&amp;GIS an Disaster Management System: Preparedness, Response, and Recovery
cerescp	Ceres CP, to use with Athena, Project Freya, Nezumi and other Athena SQL based servers
cerfcube	A project to allow the Intrinsyc Cerfcube (SA1100) to run the Linux Kernel V2.6. This hardware will be later on utilized for embedded application development.
cerlinterface	This project is an interface (frontend / backend ) for an Ecological Model developed by Reyes et. al.  The goals of this project are to create a user interface in which users can test theories of habitat response to given environmental/physical params.
cero	Cero is a free open source game engine appropriate for a wide variety of card games. Any card game can be easily programed in Java.
cerridwen	A platform and technology independent application manager for distributed systems.  Uses the concept of federated application servers and object brokers to provide true support for distributed processes.
certcreator	GUI for OpenSSL. Written in c# (.Net 1.1) for Windows.
certd	The certificate daemon, certd, is a (X.509) certifcate discovery and validation daemon that can be used by network clients to acquire information concerning issued certificates (e.g., validity, fingerprints etc.)
certemail	CertEmail along with your SSL web server provides the ability to send anyone a private secure message. Your message is encrypted using triple DES and stored in a DataBase. Once the receipent views the message the requester will be sent a notification.
certforge	A web-based certificate utility written in Java 1.5, with a lightweight database, to make or view X.509 certificates, keys, CRLs, manage keystore and truststore (CTL) for SSL sites, and run as a simple Certificate Authority (CA).
certicon	A basic digital certificate format convertor.
certifiedexam	online certification
certnanny	CertNanny is a client-side program that allows fully automatic renewal (rekeying) of certificates. It monitors local keystores and requests a new certificate from a SCEP server prior to expiry.
certsec	certsec aims to redefine the role and operation of the classic MTA by extending and integrating existing open technologies.
certtools	Tools to work with X.509 Digital Certificates, to automate the generation of Certificate Signing Requests (CSRs) using OpenSSL, and to automate or assist with the installation of certificates in software including Apache.
cerulean	The Cerulean is a highly flexible portal system designed to be used over the BBS phpBB.
cervantes	Cervantes (Certificate Validation Test-bed) is a client/server project that has been developed to test, develop and evaluate certificate revocation systems.
cervisia	A graphical frontend to CVS
ceryle	Ceryle is a Java-based authoring tool designed to assist writers in organizing their research materials and designing narratives. It includes a built-in text editor, XML database and Topic Map-based ontology visualization/editing features.
cerym	Software program developed for webmasters.
cesar	A program that controls the Fostex DCM100 mixer, using MIDI.
cese	Cell Electrophysiology Simulation Environment (CESE)
cesi	Themes and modules for Xoops CMS System. Powered by Turkxoops.
cesidomino	A Domino game implemented in Java
cesmtp	Sparrow cesmtpd is the small MTA written by C++ running on WindowsCE/2K/XP platform. It is possible to construct a safe mail server very easily.
cesspool	Message board forum emulating Delphi
cesw	This game will enable Succession War multiplayer play over a network. The game should be able to support about 30 players with full &quot;Battle Command&quot; capabilities.
cetis-es	This SDK is a library and set of demonstration code created to assist developers wishing to implement the IMS Enterprise Services specification. The SDK is in Java, and uses the AXIS web services framework. The SDK also provides example JSP applications.
cetools	Content Engineering Tools including an XSLT based site rendering system, XSLT Documentation Generator, and Swing based Site Crawler. The tools may be downloaded and used seperately since there are no dependancies between them.
cetuslink	CetusLink is a network client app. It could be described as an online service with channels, content, articles, and chat. We plan to include keywords using a special language, chatting, articles, and many other features.
ceug	This project provides access to the collective works of the Colorado Eiffel Users Group (CEUG).  It is intended that this site help promote and further the Eiffel language through a variety of portable Open Source initiatives.
ceula	Need a EULA?  Well, you have come to the right place.  We are going to use every liar(lawyer) and geek(computer) buzzwords now popular on the internet.  This system will be a robust, web-based wizard that will be a one-stop shopping place for your needs!
cewi	A PHP based browser interface into a CVS repository employing DHTML to emulate graphical proprietary source repositories.
cex	C! is a smart preprocessor for C/C++, which helps resolving cumbersomeness and untidiness, bridges between different standards and provides several very powerful extensions to C and C++.
cexev	This is a package of C++ classes intended to be used for evaluation of C-syntax expression strings. It is intended to be as simple as possible, portable and not depending on other libraries.
cexi	Centralized External Input (CEXI) Toolkit allows large display input devices (e.g., Smart Board) to be accessed in high level languages (e.g., Java, Microsoft .NET).  CEXI Toolkit removes the requirement to use low level input SDKs so programmers can dir
ceylan	The Ceylan library is a Free (LGPL) General-purpose Portable Open Source C++ Library, offering frameworks and abstractions of lower-level layers to ease software development.
cf-ajax-webmail	A ColdFusion webmail client with heavy use of AJAX.
cf-emulator	Open-source emulator for Coldfire 5xxx CPUs.  Runs on Linux / Windows.  It is hoped that some or all of this project can later be contributed to the gdb project as a simulated target.
cf-ladder	This project is no longer under active development. This project has been marked for deletion
cf-mail	A complete open-source ColdFusion mail client built on the abilities of coldfusion to check pop3 mail clients.  CF-Mail is one of the rarest open-source mail clients.
cf2d	A modularly object-orientated graphics library, that is capable of pdf rendering output similar to xpdf, poppler, cairo, or quartz. And as it is built out of imlib2, it has all of the advanced features of the Enlightenment imaging library.
cf2php	Converts Coldfusion (cfml) templates into PHP scripts.
cf50pos	CF50 is an open source point of sale system for hotels and motels. CF50 will run on any platform for which there is a Java Runtime Environment. It will feature a timeclock, room management, employee management, reservation management, and much more!
cfa	Compiere Fixed Assets System is a seamless extension of the Compiere Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and Customer Relations Management (CRM).   This extension provides an effective way to track assets for financial and reporting needs.
cfa631	Software for Crystalfontz CFA-631 USB LCD display
cfactory	Temporary repository of java native interface (jni) implementaions.
cfb	The Comprehensive File Broker (CFB for short) is a client/server\nnode-oriented network file transfer software.
cfbaptk	This project hopes to provide a suite of ColdFusion custom tags that are useful when developing a business application (calendar/planner, time management, etc).
cfbeanwriter	This is a ColdFusion beanwriter written in Java. I created this tool very quickly and I do consider it ironic that the code within it is mostly crappy procedural code and it is used to help you write better Object Oriented ColdFusion code.
cfblog	cFblog is an easy to use and easy to install simple PHP/MySQL powered journal application (also known as a blogware).
cfblogclient	It is a blog client in Java Swing supporting popular blogapi, such as blogger API, metaweblogapi etc.
cfc	CFC - Cool Factoring Compression.  CFC is an algorithm designed to reach Huge compressions ratios, better than 30% on most cases. Sadly this method is slower than gzip and similar.
cfcaudiounit	An Objective-C framework for developing AudioUnits. This framework (dynamic library bundle) can be used by Cocoa/Objective-C developers as an alternative to Apple&#039;s C++ based CoreAudio SDK.
cfcms	Simple content management system written to run www.cfug-fi.org site. Has all basic features already but some work would be needed to make easy to use and more expandable.
cfcoursems	School Management system for maintaining records of teachers, courses, and students.
cfcp	A library of cross-platform C++ classes to allow communication with Freenet via FCP
cfe	Online reports based on the display
cfengine	Cfengine, or the configuration engine is an autonomous agent and a middle to high level policy language for building expert systems which administrate and configure large computer networks. Cfengine uses the idea of classes and a primitive intelligen
cferlang	The project is an equivalent of a well known systems administration tool &quot;cfengine&quot;. The aim of the project is to provide a safer and extensible framework for distributed system configuration management, using the power of Haskell
cfextended	Crossfire-Extended is a successor project to the RPG crossfire. It contains all the maps, features and objects of crossfire but adds 50% to the world and aims at a higher rate of media creation.
cffbasic	This is a group of projects for starters to c, or end users that require basic and free tools for mathmatical calculations and a number of other desktop applications. This project covers basic c applications and code, currently no GUIS,just command line
cfforecaster	This Java application forecasts the results of cash flows. The user enters recurring and one-time transactions. The application projects cash flows for any date range in detail and in summary by category and month or year and graphs cash balance.
cfformgen	cfFormGenerator - an easy-to-use tool to create reliable and efficient web forms in seconds and retreive the data a user has supplied through the generated form. The form generator should be able to be used
cfg2html	Cfg2html generates an HTML or plain ASCII report of your AIX system. It includes configuration information about kernel, filesystems, security, etc, and might be usefull for system documentation.
cfgarch	cfgarch is a tool which collects configuration files from different machines in order to store them within a subversion repository.
cfgeolib	ColdFusion GIS tool library.
cfgparse	Python configuration parser module which supports arbitrarily deep hierarchical option &quot;dictionaries&quot; and partnership with the existing optparse (optik) python module.  The API of this module will follow as close as possible the optparse model.
cfgsh	cfgsh, the Configuration Shell utility, is a small utility  for the configuration of embedded systems.
cfgswitch	cfgswitch manages different configuration profiles for target softwares. Each of these can be loaded through the GUI or from the CUI. This will be useful for developers, adminstrators and testers who wish to use more than one version of a software.
cfidev	Software, components, utilities and a set of XML schemas for the exchange of engineering data for the capital facility engineering industry for the total facility life cycle, including design, procurement, construction, operations and maintenance.
cfiframe	&quot;iFrame&quot; is an open source presentation layer for database-driven web applications. Implemented as a tag library for ColdFusion it enables developers to quickly develop and deploy applications and fully concentrate on the business logic instead
cfile	CFILE is a distributed configuration file management system.  Unlike many systems that try to provide a nice way to configure individual machines, CFILE provides a way to keep configuration consistant across an entrie group of machines.
cfimap-cfc	An IMAP interface for ColdFusion written as a CFC (ColdFusion Component).
cfind	A unix style content indexer. Works like good old &quot;locate&quot; and provides functionality similar to tools like Google Desktop.
cfirc	Opensource Coldfusion API for communication to an IRC server.
cfircx	An IRCX Server developed upon the .NET technologies, written in C# and VB.NET.  Plans include full range of services and full network development support as well as a plugin architecture for easy expansion of the server.
cfj3d	CyberForm for Java3D is a source code generator for Java3D programmers. CyberForm generates a compressed binary file that has a specified geometry information with the source code. To specify the output precision, you can reduce the file size more. Using
cfjohnnycache	A CFC/Custom Tag based caching mechanism for caching processes and the rendered output.
cfkillboard	cfKillboard is a ColdFusion/MsSQL web application (with kill mail parser) for an EVE On-Line kill board. It is a port of Geoff Wilson&#039;s Falcon KMS (killboard.co.uk) written in PHP/MySQL.
cfkp	This project consists of the availability of source and binary kernel patches for improved performance, intended mainly for the Fedora distribution and .rpm format kernels, also a condensed patchset of those used to build these binaries is available.
cfl	C++ Foundation Library is a general framework for C++ language.
cflash	C Flash &amp; Reference Cards for beginners (english)(320x320) for use on Handhelds using your own image-viewer or slideshow. (Also any platform that supports viewing of JPEG images)
cflow	C-Flow is a development environment aimed at creating business application using the best from the Open Source community. Please have a look at the &quot;Home Page&quot; link above for details.
cflow2vcg	Cflow2vcg convert the result of the cflow utility in a VCG format. It offers the ability to view graphically the call-graph of sources, and import it in documentation.
cfm	A curses based filemanager loosely resembling emacs dired mode written in python.
cfmake	This program uses very simple input files to generate code for a C++-Object that can read in configuration files. The values are accessible by object-members of the same name as the configuration file entries.
cfmanual	Cold Fusion CHM (Compiled HTML) manual, same as PHP Manual in CHM. Very usable. Speeds up your CFM developement.
cfml	This project differs from other Open Source projects - it will not only features OSS fuzzy-logic OCX methods, PHP tools and other software, but also have the well-known spirit of community with loooong discussions...
cfml-dms	The CFML-DMS project provides a Web Based - Document Management / Record Management System. Developed in Coldfusion, using MS SQL Server / MySQL. Uses LDAP for authentication.
cfmlbb	CFML port of phpBB for ColdFusion servers.
cfmove	CFMove is a program that provides a feature missing on the TRGpro (www.handera.com): it can move or copy files inside of a CF card.&lt;br&gt;Note: there is only a .tar.gz file available for download, but WinZip is able to unzip this filetype.
cfmsadmin	Admin Interface for Access Databases hosted on Coldfusion powered webspace.
cfmssqladmin	It would be wonderful if this project could one day be as complete as phpMyAdmin.
cfmx-timesheet	This is a coldfusion timesheet application, it allows entry of an unlimted number of projects/tasks per week, status reports, project management, accounting information (based on CA overtime), and many reports. Also had AD integration
cfmximgateways	These ColdFusion MX 7 event gateways that allows CFMX to communicate with various Instant Messenging services. Currently AOL, MSN and Yahoo! Instant Messenger are supported.
cfn	Freenet frontend written in &lt;a href=&quot;http://developer.apple.com/cocoa/&quot;&gt;Cocoa&lt;/a&gt;.
cfnuke	CFNuke is a web portal/CMS based on PostNuke.  It is being written in ColdFusion using the Fusebox 3 methodology.  The end result will be an opensource CMS allowing for &quot;true&quot; drag-n-drop circuits to support additional functionality.
cfobjects	cfObjects is an open-source framework for implementing inheritance, polymorphism, and encapsulation with CFML. The framework uses advanced ColdFusion features such as exception handling, collections, and the request scope.
cfopen	CfOpen stands for &quot;Open-Source Cold Fusion&quot;. The main project goal is to create a client-side version of the Cold Fusion MarkUp Language* Interpreter using client-side technologies only.
cfopenbb	ColdFusion Port of phpBB. Will run on any OS supported by Macromedia&#039;s ColdFusion.
cforge	CForge is the fork of myxoopsforge or xoopsforge. CForge is Project Management System for the small team project and the personal project. CForge is based on XOOPS. Main Product Goals are 3S: simple secure scaleable.
cforum	A Forum based on PHP and MySQL, with some interesting features.
cfour	Cfour is a collection of reusable classes to simply common programming tasks and lower development time. The collection includes classes for file i/o, class persistence, character menus, cgi, cookies, and translation between xml tags and data pairs.
cfox	C+FOX is a C++ FireWire camera driver for MAC OS X designed to ease the developement of FireWire application, featuring support of large number of standard FireWire camera device, FireWire broadcast support,multiple camera per node support.
cfphp	cfPHP is a PHP parser which translates CFML tags/functions into a PHP cache file, which is executed by a PHP server. cfPHP is the mariage between CFML &amp; PHP, you will be free to mix both languages in your CFML templates.
cframeworks	CFrameworks library provides unique low and high level cross-platform API for main UNIX and WINDOWS platforms.
cfrhino	A compact development framework for Adobe ColdFusion applications, implementing an MVC design pattern for web applications. CFRhino has both an event and extension frameworks allowing it to be fully extended.
cfront	CFront is an ANSI-C (89) front end library. It provides pre-processing, parsing, and type checking, and an powerful API for examining and rewriting.
cfrss	CFRSS is a fast and adaptable Coldfusion 7 CFC used to parse and create RSS. It is able to handle various formats and can be easily modified to handle new ones.
cfsites	CFsites is a website tool that allows users to create their own geocities like websites.
cfsnfs	Basing on the efforts of Matt Blaze, the project objective is to develop and improve the &quot;Cryptographic File System&quot; which, at the moment, bases on a NFSv2 implementation. CFS-NFS is designed to be used on Unix workstations.
cfsouthwest	This application takes your Southwest ticket number and generates your boarding pass at 12:05am and emails it to you.
cfsst	The Compressed File System Sizing Tool scans a directory and outputs the size, the compressed size, and the type of each file in the tree.  It helps a designer configure a filesystem for embedded Linux systems using xip cramfs or axfs.
cfsynergy	CFStAX - This is NOT YET RELEASED. Please email me at jimcollins@gmail.com if you want to know when I release the first beta! (The article came out sooner than I expected and Im not going to release something half-baked)
cftestingkit	CFTestingKit is a framework designed for code testing by using test cases and test suites. These test units are written as ColdFusion components tied together in a model very close to the one used by SUnit.
cftiddlywiki	cfTiddlyWiki is a ColdFusion tiddly adaptation inspired by Tiddlywiki and ccTiddly.
cftools	Cf is a system configuration tool. Inspired by cfengine it provides convergent\nmanipulations of files, but adds a modular mechanism for building higher level\nconfiguration operations, for example manipulating user accounts or cron\nentries.
cftpserver	CFtpServer is a cross-platform C++ class which allows developers to use a simple, fast, and reliable FTP server within their program.
cftrends	cfTrends - A coldfusion Application which reads IIS logFiles into a SQL database. Then Displays reports, charts, and stats similar to webtrends
cfunit	CFUnit is a unit testing framework for ColdFusion (CFML), modeled after the popular JUnit framework.
cfurlencrypt	This project is designed to further enhance a method of encrypting URL variables in Cold Fusion Applications.  The application itself is not the main bulk of the project.  The main bulk of the project is the encryption and decryption routines that go on 
cfusbhost	CompactFlash USB Host Card, You can do nothing without USB on your PocketPC.
cfusionchat-sp	An open-source Coldfusion-based chat-room supporting the server-push technology.
cfutils	Usefull CFCs and UDFs which are needed in nearly every application.
cfv	cfv is a utility to both test and create .sfv(Simple File Verify), .csv, .crc, md5sum, bsd md5, sha1sum, and .torrent files.  cfv also includes test-only .par and .par2 support. These are commonly used to ensure the correct retrieval or storage of data
cfv1ah	RPG Action Game that takes a satirical look into the life of a fictional IT professional working in a corporate Cube Farm. The game engine is written in C++.
cfw	A vhdl framework for core and processor development
cfw-shout	Shoutbox, which has many features.  e.g. anti- Flooding control, Admin panel, smiley and BBCODES, many Designs.
cfwebportal	CF_WebPortal is a Portal system written in Cold Fusion that will include features such as Forum, Article, Poll, Picture Gallery, Jokes, Downloads, Links, Recipes, etc.
cfx	CFX is a platform-independent browser-based interface allowing creation and access to sets of examples.  Examples are organized in an expandable hierarchy that is keyword searchable.  Both server and stand-alone static versions can be created.
cfx-imageinfoje	CFX_imageInfoJE is a Macromedia(R) ColdFusion(R) cfx custom tag, written in Java that returns various image properties of an image on the local file system or over the Internet via HTTP protocol.
cfxindice	This project is for the creation and development of a client to access the Xindice XML Database Server from Cold Fusion.
cfxml-forum	CFXML Forum is an open source forum application built in ColdFusion. This project comes with an example Access DB and an administrator.
cfxmlblog	CFXML_Blog is a blog software written in ColdFusion MX and using XML Data to store information. No database is required.
cfxoops	CF:XOOPS (eXtensible &quot;Object-Oriented&quot; Portal System for ColdFusion is an alternative to similar systems (phpNuke, etc) for those more comfortable in ColdFusion.  It uses an object-oriented approach in conjunction with XSL. http://www.cfxoops.o
cg-phpdoc	PHPDoc is a direct implementation of the javadoc API documentation generator for PHP.  PHPDoc can generate documentation for any number of PHP files and directories using any javadoc Doclet.
cg125	CG125 is a Desktop Search Engine formally works with information retrieval methods. Currently it uses a central database and Vector Model to retrieve relative documents. Many other methods for retrieval are implemented to achieve best results.
cg4ie	An Internet Explorer extension that enhances Google search results by adding extra information (like links to Yahoo, Ask Jeeves, MSN etc) and giving the user more power over Google interface and security settings.
cg6000	Software distribution for the Zaurus 6000 handheld.
cgal	CGAL - A dynamic photo gallery written in PHP.
cgap	The objective is to develop a customizable &amp; easy to use package to provide support for developers in PYTHON intending to use GA&#039;s. The package will support multiple levels of customization, depending on the competancy of the developer.
cgb	CGB Is A New Customized Portal Designed To Give Users The Ultimate Expierience In Cutting Edge Content, Both Front And Backend
cgbrpg	CGB Rpg Systems Premod is a mod for phpbb 2.x which adds a majorly configurable rpg system to your Phpbb based board. Based on ADR (www.adr-support.com) and its mods... CGB is deigned to save users the trouble of installing the mods them selves.
cgclusters	Biological sequence analysis module used in generating CG clusters. Useful for basic sequence manipulations, regular expression based searches, and base compositional analysis.
cgcps	A system for creating and playing Windows-based card games using a simple GUI. [Planning Stage]
cgd-linux	Cryptographic Disk Driver for Linux
cgdb	CGDB is a curses-based interface to the GNU Debugger (GDB). The goal of CGDB is to be lightweight and responsive; not encumbered with unnecessary features. The interface is split screen showing the familiar GDB console interface on the lower window and t
cgdemo	CGDemo Simples code exemples of computer graphic s algorithms : RayTracing, Radiosity and PhotonMapping OpenGL, C++ platform independant (linux &amp; MS supported)
cge-community1	The first CGEmpire community project. Members of CGEmpire.com will develop a full game using XNA technology with the free XNA Game Studio Express in C#.
cgeddie	Very simple editor with syntax highlighting for writing and compiling Cg shaders.
cgeo	CGEO is a multi-platform C++ framework for creating GIS applications
cget	cget is a tool for collaborative downloading. It lets many people download different parts of a file and put them together.
cgewrapper	A FreeWare Genesis3d Wrapper Library, with DirectInput support for control devices (mouse, keyboard, joysticks, etc.).
cgex1	Exe 1 for Computer Graphics class.\ndraw polygons and aplly scan conversation agorithm.\napply portview algorithms atc&#039;.
cgf-objects	Business and Data Object code generator written for PHP against a MySQL database.
cgfs	This is  a distribute file system that like gfs or ndfs in c++
cghjudo	CGHJudo est un logiciel de gestion de tournoi de judo par poules avec répartition automatique par catégorie de poids et calcul du classement général par club. Edition au format PDF. Ecrit en PHP/MYSQL. Merci de m&#039;envoyer vos remarques ou vos idees.
cgi	This aims to be a portable CGI library written in C++ and enabling applications written for standard CGI, FastCGI or SCGI protocols, within a framework that allows for future CGI-like protocols to be incorporated with only trivial changes to user code
cgi-builder	CGI Builder Framework (CBF) is an integrated set of perl modules providing a flexible and scalable solution to build (with minimum programming effort) reusable and easy to maintain web applications.
cgi-dna	DNAtools is a perl CGI based software wich analyzes DNA sequences in order to find out the maximum of information for further bio analysis. It is intended to help people to gain time.
cgi-installer	Build and test cross-platform CGI installer.
cgi-lib	CGI-LIB is an ANSI C library that facilitates the creation of CGI programs. The library is written entirely in C using ANSI C functions. The functions are easy to use, are well documented, and the source code is included.
cgi-mailix	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
cgi-module	Modular CGI architecture framework
cgi-musicbox	Name &quot;musicbox&quot; System to manage a digital jukebox via web interface: Supports: Music Play Audio CD Play and Rip Music File upload. NEXT: Full file managment. Tools: - Free Pascal, JavaScript unix shell.
cgi-pkgtool	A CGI slackware package management tool written in Perl, similar to pkgtool.
cgi-plus-plus	CGI++ is a cross platform CGI C++ class library that enables programmers to easily create CGI applications.  I would ultimately like to create a cross platform graphical environment, probably written in Java, for creating CGI applications using CGI++.
cgi-portal	CGI::Portal is a framework for the design of extensible, plug-configure-and-play multiuser web applications. It provides authentication, session management, internal redirects and a modular object-oriented architecture to build complex applications.
cgi-prototype	CGI::Prototype is a collection of Perl modules providing a flexible prototype-based MVC framework for both CGI- and mod_perl-based applications.
cgi-scanner-9	Software for detecting CGI and configuration vulnerability of your web site. It&#039;s developed with Visual Basic. It&#039;s works on Windows 95,98,2000 and XP not tested on Windows 2003 yet.
cgi-session	Perl 5 extension for implementing persistent session management system in CGI Applications
cgi-shell	CGI-Shell gives you a shell using CGI. So everybody who has a CGI-directory on a web-server, also has its own shell on it - comparable with Telnet or SSH.
cgi-tables	A perl CGI based iptables frontend and administration script which will provide the user with a web-based front-end to administer iptables, view logs, and network statistics.
cgi-test	CGI::Test - CGI regression test framework. A CPAN perl module
cgi-widget	This project is home to classes that strive to allow Perl CGI authors similar power &amp; flexibility in their page creation as is available to Perl/Tk authors.
cgi-wifi	CGI-Wifi is a perl/CGI program designed to aid in the setup of Wireless cards in Linux Operating systems. It uses a user friendly interface to allow the user to completely manipulate the wireless setup files.
cgi-wml	CGI::WML extends CGI.pm to work with the Wireless Markup Language (WML) and the Wireless Application Protocol (WAP).  In short this module gives you the power of CGI.pm for WAP devices, such as cell phones.
cgiapp	Cgiapp.class.php is a port of CGI::Application to PHP.
cgiappservlet	This is a port of the popular perl module CGI::Application to the java servlet framework. It&#039;s a simple extensible controller in MVC. By default, it is integrated with the Apache Velocity template engine as its view component.
cgibasic	cgiBasic is a server side script based on the easy BASIC programming language. It would be a customized language for CGI programming and require (but will allow for) little or no extra modules or plug-ins. Developped in the C++ language, cgiBASIC will be
cgicache	Perl extension to help cache output of time- intensive CGI scripts so that subsequent visits to such scripts will not cost as much time.
cgicalendar	This is a Perl/CGI Calendar program.  Features include multiple calendar databases, month, day, and single event views, editable events, multiple languages, and more.  CGI Calendar does not require a SQL database.
cgichk	A web vulnerability tool that automatically searches for a series of interesting directories and files on a given site...nothing that you couldn&#039;t do by hand with Lynx.  Also includes shoddy whois lookup.  Not a tool for evil -- a tool for curiousit
cgicpp	The cgicpp library enables fast and easy development of cgi programs with the c++ programming language. The library uses the stl extensively and is therefore easily extensible
cgicq	CGICQ is a CGI Application that will take form input and send it to an ICQ UIN.
cgidb	CGI-DB is a database system that manages its own flat-file data tables through a cgi/html interface. It also contains html tag extensions to insert table data into your own web pages. Works great in Windows, Linux, or other *nix.
cgide	IDE for Cg the graphics language
cgidictionary	dictionary is a Perl cgi script which provides browser access to DICT servers via an HTML form-based interface which can be used to fetch dictionary definitions and to match whole or partial words and word lists.
cgiframework	Provide a set of native CLX components and tools to be used both in Delphi and Kylix programing environments for CGI programs development. In the first version these components will replace TPageProducer and its descendants.
cgigen	CGIgen is a collection of classes that are useful in data-encapsulation esp. for CGI-scripts. It also includes other classes that may be helpful in writing CGI-scripts.
cgii	CGIi is an easy-to-use interface to develop fast CGI scripts in C++. Features include form and file upload and XHTML output. Developed with ease of use in mind.
cgiirc	A Perl/CGI program to use IRC from a web browser without having to have access to an IRC port or Java (but it does need a frames compatable browser).
cgilib	An easy to use library for developing CGI (Common Gateway Interface) programs in C++ quickly.
cginews	CGI interface for nntp server Features:fast and small,secure as possible,XML output with XSLT support,UTF-8 based Uses: own secure string and cgi library,xml/xslt (libxml2/libxslt) Designed for small bulletin board with nntp server (sn) as engine
cginput	This program allocates meomory for, parses, and provides access to, data sumitted to cgi programs. It provides a single function that takes a form-field name as an argument, and returns the form-field&#039;s value.
cgioutput	Object oriented CGI output module for python.
cgipan	Perl-CGI-Script for installing CPAN modules on your webserver when you have no direct shell access
cgiperl	The purpose of this help system is to give new and aspiring programmers access to an easy to understand reference system which teaches the basics of Perl CGI without assuming prior technical knowledge.
cgircd	Counterglow IRCD: A new ircd with all the features of the ircds out there today. But with the added features of todays needs such as Dj lines similer to an oline but for network djs special channel modes for djs also ability to use the /request command
cgiref	CGIRef is an open-source C++ forms decoder for CGI (Common Gateway Interface)web processes. It supports both GET and POST methods, and should work with any web server that supports CGI.
cgiringers	Ringers is a Ring HUB software package designed to allow multiple websites seemless linking through a unified navigational banner.  PHP-Ringers is written completely in Perl and, therefore, very portable.
cgishell	cgi::shell is a perl script which hopes to provide webmasters with an ability to access simple shell-based commands on the webserver.
cgisock	A module for Apache that implements a CGI interface over a unix domain socket. This module has been superceeded by mod_cgid in the Apache 2.0 distribtuion, which implements a simmilar function. This page is temporary until this project is removed.
cgispy	CGI Spy is a recently new CGI based bulletin board. It has completely been build from scratch to ensure that the code is easy to understand. Feel free to help developing the code.
cgitelnet	CGI gateway for telnet.
cgiterm	Web-based UNIX terminal. Useful when you only have ftp access to remote machine. Uses AJAX to reduce response time.
cgiutils2	This is the current version of cgi_utils CGI library.  The C++ source compiles into a cookie/cgi form library and a session library.  The first gives access to query &amp; post strings, the latter provides persistence in UNIX semaphores for your stand al
cgiwrap	More secure user access to cgi scripting. Runs scripts as the user who owns them. Initial inspiration for suexec. CGIwrap however is server independent.
cgl	CGL(C Generic Library) is a stl-like library written in pure C.It implements iterators, memory management,generic containers such as list,map, generic algorithms such as sort() and search(),and it can manipulate any types of data.
cgl-class	The cGL class is designed to give a blank OpenGL window to the developer without any fuss of creating an OpenGL context. It is aimed at helping non-expert programmers to get their OpenGL Win32 application off the ground QUICKLY.
cglib	Byte Code Generation Library is high level API to generate and transform JAVA byte code. It is used by AOP, testing, data access frameworks to generate dynamic proxy objects and intercept field access.
cglinux	An open source project to hold cglinux test suites, which are mostly for CGL2.0 projects (some are already in each individual open source project). This is a centralized place for users to download, while, not for CGL certification or registration.
cglog	Java Log api.  More robust and dynamic then Log4j and the builtin Logger builtin to JDK1.4
cglogviewer	LogViewer is a MS Windows .NET application that display logging datas. It&#039;s like the unix &#039;tail&#039;. It can read a file or listenning over a TCP socket. Use regulars expressions to Hide, Rewrite, Colorize lines of log. Have a look at Screensh
cgm	Classic Game Maker is meant to aid in the process of teaching programming and will be based in stages/levels of the development process to allow the gradual progress of students in programming while creating full versions of classic games
cgmadness	CG Madness is a remake of classic game Marble Madness. In the extension CG Portals you will be able to throw Portals towards walls and/or floors, so you can reach unreachable places. It is running on OpenGL and uses current CG techniques.
cgmath-sharp	CGMath# is a derivated project of Sharp3D.Math, a library for math operations related to computer graphics, such as vectors and matrices manipulation, geometrical intersections in both 2D and 3D, interpolation and so on.
cgmsharp	CGM# allows easy reading and writing of CGM (Computer Graphics Metafiles) files from .net applications.  The project aims to eliminate the cost and complexity of dealing with CGM 4, WebCGM and other common profiles of CGM.
cgmuscle	cgmuscle is a collabroative project between people in the industry to develop an open source muscle system for maya.
cgn	An extension to the C language that supports encapsulation, inheritance, compile-time polymorphism and generics. It is targeted to be a generic, object-oriented C, a simpler, faster C++.
cgns	The CFD General Notation System (CGNS) provides a standard for recording and recovering computer data associated with the numerical solution of the equations of fluid dynamics. Current source is available by CVS, although only the downloads are supported
cgnsbrowse	A user-friendly graphical user interface for browsing CGNS-files. A GTK+ based application.
cgnspp	CGNS++ is an object oriented interface to provide access to CGNS (CFD General Notation System) databases. It is similar to the existing C and FORTRAN interfaces provided by www.cgns.org, but uses an object oriented abstraction of the underlying SIDS.
cgoban1	The CGoban 1 program is a Unix-based client for connection to internet go server that use protocols similar to the one used by IGS, the Internet Go Server. It also functions as a SGF (Smart Game Format) browser that lets you view and edit go game records
cgp	Circuit GP (cgp) is a lisp (specifically cmucl) program to create circuits (topology and sizing) that satisfies a certain set of constraints and/or requirements. Actually, this is a backyard version of Koza\\&#039;s impressive work on automatic ckt synthe
cgparser	The purpose of this project is to develop an open source python natural language parser based on the constraint grammar approach.
cgprof	Tool to create a callgraph of a profiled program. The program first should be instrumented by gprof or other tools that have gprof-compatibility output. This tool will then translate profile information into a callgraph thanks to VCG.
cgps	cGPS is a application for GPS enabled cellular phones, that allows the phone to display Map images of your current location, and simple directional aids.
cgrab	The aim of this small project is to create a nice, gtk-based comis strip viewer. Written in python, will allow to keep track of your favourite comic strips and manage them (store on your disk, etc.)
cgreen	A C unit tester. Features include composite test suites, each test can be run in it&#039;s own process, trapping of hung tests, setup and teardown, extensible interface and support for mocking functions.
cgrep	cgrep provides many of the features of grep, egrep, and fgrep with greatly enhanced performance along with many additional features, one of which is the ability to output the context (surrounding lines) of the matching lines.
cgrlib	CGRLib is a free C++ library with some useful basic C++ objects. (String, Array, List?)
cgru	CGRU is a collection of custom scripts and plugins for Autodesk Maya, widely used in computer graphics production.
cgryph	cGryph is an interpreted object-oriented programming language designed for symbolic manipulation of graphs, trees, sets, and other mathematical constructs.  The program itself is stored and manipulated as a graph.
cgsbenchmark	This project benchmarks image segmentation algorithms using three different architectures/techniques: Cell Processor, GPGPU, SIMD (SSE). The code is supposed to support an article published in SuperComputing 07.
cgsuite	A program to analyze combinatorial games.  Performs all standard canonical-form calculations in a Mathematica-like GUI.  Provides a flexible plugin architecture to add support for new games.
cgt-pvp	Statistical analyzing and tracking for City of Heroes/Villains PvP
cgtextbook	A Textbook about Computer Animation for students and teachers
cgtkcalc	A simple scientific calculator for complex number calculation. It requires the GTK+ toolkit.
cgtt	Library to parse GetTimeOfDay() into a struct of char arrays for easier development.
cgubios	Network based operating system for embedded platforms
cgui	CGUI - a gui lib for multiplatform
cgvrdrvbebxjava	This package is a development package for Java to use BeeBox on Java platforms.
cgvrdrvcgcc	This package is a simple development library for C++ to use CyberGlove on IRIX and WIN32 platforms.
cgvrdrvjoyjava	This package is a development package for Java to use joysticks avaiable for Windows 9x / NT platforms on Java platforms.
cgvrdrvmagjava	This package is a development package for Java to use Logitech Magellan (Space Mouse) on Java platforms.
cgvrdrvphcc	This package is a development library for C++ to use Polhemus Fastrak or IsotrakII on IRIX and WIN32 platforms.
cgvrdrvphjava	This package is a development package for Java to use tracking devices of Polhemus and Intersense on Java platforms.
cgx	Curve Generation eXtreme aims to implement various types of mathematical curves such as Hilbert and Sierpinski curves, as well as random generated plants, using L Systems and OpenGL / Mesa3D for displaying.
cgxhope	Projeto de framework em PHP5 usando POO e a técnica de programação MVC, com multipos estilos de saída estilos usando XSL/XSLfo. O objetivo é simplicidade, ser altamente modularizável usando drivers externos para BD, logs, erros, pdf, etc..
ch-bb	Categories Hierarchy BB laboratory
ch-city	A 2D fighting game engine with an unique character creation and animation system.
ch-quadratis	Quadratis is a Direct3D implementation of the classic Tetris game. It emphasizes strategy through the use of a bonus system. Bonuses are given for accomplishments during the game and for the options you chose at the beginning which make the game harder.
ch2r	Project Ch2r. A common Halo 2 reverse-engineering project. Open Source Halo 2 Editor for doing all the things you need for modding your maps. Extracting/viewing meta, swapping items, viewing/swapping dependencies, extracting bitmaps, ...
ch3adontootmplt	This project have the Objective to create, keep and distribute a Ch3Etah ADO.NET Object Oriented Template (Ch3AdoNetOOTemplate). The Ch3AdoNetOOTemplate&#039;s are a set of XLST Templates to Generate a C# Code to Access DataBase and Generate Objects.
ch3etah	Extensible IDE and framework for managing small and large-scale code generation projects. Through an abstracted code generation layer, CH3ETAH can support almost any template language, workflows, and even tasks not directly related to code generation.
chabber	Chabber is an XMPP-based Instant Messaging, VoIP and video-conferencing application that is built on top of the XMPP Core library (libxmpp) and the SOCKET Core library (libsocket) to provide a proof of concept and demonstrate the libraries&#039; capabili
chacha	opensource php/mysql-based remote file transfer and file storage system with file content searching capability as its main feature.
chaco	It is a collection of small tools for Chaos Modelling, based on ideas of Life game, Tierra and others.
chaddb	CHADDB,the CHurch ADministration Database, is a Java/MySQL-based, table-driven church managment system that enables churches of any size or structure to manage members through relationships.  Web-enabled or run as native application.
chadwick	A baseball scorebook and statkeeping application, compatible with the Retrosheet file format for baseball play-by-play.
chai	A collection of Java packages and tools to facilitate creating enterprise-class applications.  Examples are event and utility classes, application logging, database utilities (i.e. connection pooling), security mechanism, and job scheduling.
chai-t	Chai-T is a prototype implementation of a compiler for a language based on Java and including Traits (http://www.iam.unibe.ch/~scg/Research/Traits/), which are a new program structuring unit designed to maximise flexibility in code reuse
chaidb	ChaiDB is an embedded data storage developed at the kernel level by using B-Tree implementation. It is a natural database choice for name/value applications such as JSON. JSON-Cache utilizes ChaiDB to provide persistence and cache solution for JSON data.
chain	CHAIN (CHAllenging and INtelligent) is a software systems fully developed in J2ME MIDP 1.0. By this systems one can quickly develop role-playing games (RPG) with very involving 3D graphics for mobile phones which mount the java virtual machine.
chainedoptions	Java framework for chained options (listboxes, dropdowns etc). Provides functionality so that when the value is changed in one listbox, other listboxes change accordingly. Handles special items like &#039;Any Value&#039; or &#039;None Selected&#039;. See
chainlink	Qt4 GUI for scientific data analysis and visualization using Matlab (tm) style syntax. Link together Qt projects and other C++ libraries in an integrated user interface.
chainmail	Chainmail is a Sendmail mail filter (milter) that manipulates emails that pass through Sendmail server in various ways. Under control of its configuration file, chainmail can reject messages, change their headers and bodies, add and remove recipients.
chainreaction	Chain Reaction aims to be a replacement of the popular load testing products available in the market. Its modularised design can suffice the needs of any type of testing. Written in c++ provides it the power and speed necessary.
chainsmith	Some simple shell scripts to make Linux ipchains firewall configuration more intuitive using file inclusion.  It might be possible to extend this into a firewall visualization proggie using Python/Perl/Tcl/Tk/etc.
chainsocks	A program to chain SOCKS together and surf the web anonymously.
chainssh	chainssh is a shell script to smplify the ssh login via multiple sshgateways/firewallgateaways.\ne.g. connect from homehost via sshgateway to a clusternode with one command.
chainstor	ChainStor stores e-mail in a database, deconstructing MIME structure and encoding on storage, and reconstructing precisely on retrieval. Database objects are single-instanced. Includes IMAP and POP3 servers.
chair	Chair is a structured PHP library.
chaka	SourceForge is crap, I&#039;ve moved to http://www.darkarts.co.za. Complain to sourceforge regarding the fact that they refuse to delete projects here: https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=add&amp;group_id=1&amp;atid=200001
chalalive	Chala Live is a 100% java coded chat server and client.
chalaxy	Conquest the universe! Turn-based multiplayer strategy game (written in Perl/Tk).
chalkboard	This project is to develop a virtual blackboard system designed to meet the needs of the faculty and students. This project would be used as an on-line submission portal. Students would use this to submit homework, quizzes, tests, to the professor.
chalktools	Chalk Tools is a set of utilities and tools usefull to Java Developers.
challangeos	This is the old project home, which is no longer maintained. The new project entry resides at http://sourceforge.net/projects/challengeos.
challenge-ball	Try to hill balls in the shortest time .
challengeos	The goal of this project is to provide an operating system with a native GUI, an interpreter for an object-oriented BASIC dialect and many more features to make life easier for normal users.
challenger	Challenger is a Java RADIUS server API implementing RFC 2865 and 2869.
chalten	A model of the Gregorian Calendar based on a metaphor that sees time entities as points of different resolution in the time line
chama	The purpose of this project is to experiment with the component based architecture principles for scientific simulations.  The backbone is Python based.  The emphasis is on use of unstructured grids (aka finite element meshes).
chamaks-cms	Web publishing in vernacular languages.This Multilingual CMS written inPHP,MySQL,Apache,Unicode.Platform/OS independent. High end Multilingual Environments with ease.Blog,support for RDBMS,l10n/i18n support,Ultimate for Indian and Asian languages.
chamatools	This project contains tools for benchmarking and analysis of performance characteristics of parallel programs and platforms, specifically addressing the effect of interference on applications.
chambara	Paint Shop Pro script to slice and resize DVD covers to perfectly fit all spine-widths of slipcases. Currently supports PSP8, PSP9. Will add support for upcoming GIMP 2.4 (requires Python). GIMP will allow for easier use and more features (CD&#039;s, etc
chamber	chamber is a reactive hydrodynamic modeling tool specifically designed for small arms interior ballistics research. Multiple equations of state and burn models are supported. chamber is an adaptation of the BKW, SIN, 2DL and 2DE codes in one package.
chameleon	Chameleon is a general use persistence engine capable of object-relational mapping as well as other, non-object persistence needs. Its flexibility allows it to fit the needs of a an enterprise without the contstraints that O/R mappers generally impose
chameleon-etl	Java-based ETL
chameleon-roles	Chameleon will provide malware resistance by allowing easy use and management of files and applications that are partitioned into separate roles. Components in Chameleon may also be helpful for using multiple X servers together.
chameleonskin	ChameleonSkin is a library interface designed to be used by game engines for portable 2D casual games. If you use ChameleonSkin for your game (engine), it will work on all platforms that have an implementation of ChameleonSkin.
chamonix	Chamonix is a CHM viewer for Mac OS X 10.4. It is an Objective-C app that uses CHM lib (http://sourceforge.net/projects/chmlib), Cocoa and WebKit. It supports ToC, Indexing, Search and Favourites and multiple CHM documents.
champ	Champ is CD/HD Apache MySQL PHP configration running on Windows. It can be use as and AMP installation in hardisk, it also can be use to demonstrate web application in CD-ROM or DVD. Champ will run itself as an application instead of service.
champollion	Built around LDC&#039;s champollion sentence aligner kernel, Champollion Tool Kit (CTK) aims to providing ready-to-use parallel text sentence alignment tools for as many language pairs as possible.
champro	Patch e Atualizações para o Servidor ChampRO
champspos	This project is aimed at providing a complete Point of Sale solution to the user. It will be single user application which include billing,inventory management and accounting.
chan-capi	ISDN CAPI Channel driver (chan_capi) for the Asterisk Open Source VoIP Platform. THIS PROJECT HAS BEEN MOVED TO chan-capi.org
chan-cg	Asterisk support for Cygnion CyberGenie phone system. Consists of kernel module and Asterisk channel driver.
chan-link	This program serves as a link between two or more chat networks, allowing users on one network to communicate with users on another network.  For example, you can be logged onto Battle.net and be talking to people on IRC and people on AIM at the same tim
chan-sccp	Skinny (SCCP) Channel Driver for the Asterisk Open Source VOIP Platform
chan-sccp-b	A branch from the original chan-sccp implementation of Skinny Client Control Protocol for the Asterisk soft-PBX. If you are wanting to join as a developer, send a request, once done so please read the welcome email on the forum. If you are an end user ex
chandra	Need volunteer coders/ designers to create and adapt applications for a webportal serving the needs of consumers. Portal offers comprehensive web-services to members and any profits are used to benefit member, humanitarian and environmental causes.
change-mgmt	Change Management is a framework for scheduling, approving and processing software and hardware changes throughout your enterprise.
changedesktop	ChangeDesktop is an application that will change your Desktop picture at random from any number of folders you choose. It is written in Cocoa, completely free and the source code is available.
changelog	A small php script that is meant to help multiple webmasters/developers keep track of latest updated files on a website or project.
changelogml	ChangeLogML is an effort to design an XML vocabulary for describing software project change-logs. The goal is to make the change-history information more accessible to a wider variety of tools.
changepassword	ChangePassword modifies the passwords of passwd, Samba, and Squid through the Web. All passwords are syncronized and changed in real  time over a browser like Mozilla, Netscape, IE, Opera, and others.
changer5004x	This is an application for the Pioneer DRM5004X CD Changer. The software uses MySQL, TCP/IP (remote control) and SCSI II commands to control this changer.
changerequest	The goal of this project will be to provide an interface for &#039;change requests&#039; to projects. It will be used in project management. Managers can assign change requests to developers and after making their changes, developers use the interface to
changeres	Resolution changer program, similar to Win98 tray icon. Lists all available resolutions of the display. Sets the maximum frequency available at the selected resolution. Supports command line.
changeset	Changeset is a web-based issue tracking and configuration management tool. It helps software development teams to manage an efective change requests process. It&#039;s developed usign J2EE technology.
changeset2-1	Changeset is a web-based issue tracking and configuration management tool. It helps software development teams to manage an efective change requests process. It&#039;s developed usign J2EE technology.
changespy	The project intent is to build a facility for capturing and inspecting Resource Change Events that occur in during the operation of the Eclipse tools platform. Eclipse fires complicated Resource Change events whenever files are saved/moved/deleted/change
changetrack	Changetrack logs modifications of a set of files, and allows recovery of the tracked files from any stage of development. The changes are presented in a powerful web-based form, a text file, or an email message. A handful of options allow situation-speci
changingpages	Changing Pages is a Content Management and delivery application written in Perl and using MySQL.  Uses a set of Perl modules and scripts that form a framework for creating bespoke web applications incorporating secure login through encrypted cookies.
changsmbt	Official project page: &lt;a href=&quot;http://changsmbt.free.fr&quot;&gt; http://changsmbt.free.fr &lt;/a&gt; This project is a chan_bt fork named chan_gsm_bt. It is a module for Asterisk PABX software. This project allows to connect Asterisk with gsm n
chanh323	An Open H.323 based channel driver for the the Asterisk PBX. This code has now been intergrated into the Asterisk source tree. Please see the Asterisk source tree for any future updates of this software.
chanman	A TCL Script for eggdrop IRC bot. Includes everything from public commands, statistics, channel protection to botnet support
channel	Channel is a C++ framework for distributed message passing and event dispatching, configurable with its components (msg ids,routing algorithms...) as template parameters. As a namespace shared by peer threads, channel supports scope control and filtering
channel-e	Channel-e is a JSP/Mysql based online exam software. It supports multiple clients, handles time-bound exams, generates exam reports, stores the results in database for future reference.
channel-service	This new Channel Service, an addicted to X (Gnuworld) can provide you more security, and flexibility, using it, it can prevent take overs, and lame activities. You can now have lots of users with accesse on your channel, and 100% security. TRY IT!
channel-sock	A new socket type for the linux kernel aimed at providing the same interface of a packet-socket, but providing increased reception and trasmission performaces.
channel-tcl	channel.tcl is an Eggdrop script, written in TCL, to provide channel-based commands, for those who are too lazy to log into their bot. It also provides a few other channel-related commands, and works in co-operation with other bots in the same channel.
channel16	Channel 16 is a graphical tool to recover deleted file. The application provides a rich interface for browsing each block of data inside a deleted inode interactively. Also a search and rescue operation will be available which can automatically search fo
channel27	Groovy, Funky Channel 27! The only CMS with a hologram developer! &#039;Channel 27&#039; is a hierarchical page-centric CMS, with support for multiple users and user levels. A simple and very modular design means it is easy to extend and maintain.
channel3	Flash 3D graphics library written in ActionScript3.0. This project aims to provide high performance and user friendly interface to manipulate 3D objects with fully extendibility.
channelmanager	An abstraction on top of nio with security. It hides many nio bugs. It is a much easier api to use then the nio api. It also has threadpooling, and packetizing.
channels	Channels is a lightweight java channel implementation. It is based on Inversion of Control and that allows very flexible constructions.
channeltools	A set of tools for obtain both channel data and program guide information for mythTV.
channelx	Channelx is the core of a new web2.0 service called, &quot;Tudit.&quot;  Channelx let&#039;s users create &quot;channels.&quot;  These channels are composed of five sources (RSS or ATOM) that are then aggregated and displayed in a tabbed interface.
chanprijn	General Boardsystem Administration Bot framework
chanserv	ChanServ IRC Services supports ircd, ircu, and Unreal. Its being coded to uss a MySQL database for its data which means Speed, Server spanning, all fully configurable Web Frontend, Direct DB access,  and better Security.
chant	ChaNT is a open source web-based chat system written in PHP and JavaScript.
chanter	Gregorian chant notation editor.
chanukah	Chanukah is a small but powerfull address organzier. Chanukah supports multiple addresses, emails and phone numbers for persons and groups. Groups yet have the capability to hold multible sub groups. Chanukah is Java Swing based and platform independent
chao	CHAO is a C++-based Peer-to-Peer Communication Library based on algorithms similar to PASTRY. In addition to that, higher-level functionality is provided, such as Serialization, Publish-Subscribe Multicast and Entity Management.
chaoos	ChaoOS is the concept of a grid operating system. In a cluster, resources are administrated and shared via network. Based on Linuxcore, an uniformed process and resource management distributes nearly every process according free and appropriate resources
chaos	chaos is a new operating system - written from scratch by a young group of people. Unlike most other systems, we do not try to reimplement something else, but rather tries to do things in our own (hopefully better) way.
chaos-anarchist	Anarchist is a data organization tool for the Linux platform that uses CHAOS - Classification,Handling,Access &amp; Organization System for manipulating user data. It enables you to store,search &amp; retrieve data on your hard drive using associated met
chaos-engine	The Chaos Engine is a Virtual Server Infrastructure based on upcoming Windows Vista technology. It allows data storage, RFID middleware administration tools, data analysis and native Windows to Linux kernel emulation.
chaos-list	based on the list at http://www.starcitygames.com/php/news/article/2337.html. The Chaos List Project aims to make playing Magic: The Gathering(tm) with this list easy. I would like any feedback you have.
chaos-pp	The Chaos Preprocessor Library is a generative metaprogramming framework for C and C++.
chaos2	A remake of the Spectrum classic &quot;Chaos&quot; by Jullian Gollop. It started out as a C++ learning project (as Chaos Funk has already done such a good job!), but has evolved.... The aim is for both a faithful remake and a feature-extended version.
chaos2003d	An OpenGL, networked version of the classic Spectrum game, Chaos.
chaos7	Chaos7 is a Linux based centralized scheduler for sites with many hosts, and interdependant events.  Features include:  Web-based UI, Triggers, Dependancies, Negative Dependancies, Alert Notification, and Reporting.  Uses Perl &amp; Postgresql.
chaosa	Open source ASCII based strategy game.
chaosahamut	A variant of the bahamut ircd heavily modified . Yet it preserves all of the services compatiblity yet it is only capable of linking to itself and services daemons. It is highly stable and curently faster than the current bahamut release.
chaoscentral	Chaos Central is an open-source Perl BBS, with the goal of providing as many features as possible while maintaing the abilty to customize intensely.
chaosengine	The chaosengine is a generic game library, with a heavy emphasis on modularity, flexibility, OS independence, and OO design.The final product should include an extensive selection of modules not limited to, but including a strong graphics and audio engin
chaosexp	ChaosExplorer is a C++ QT project developed to give users the ability to investigate fractals, attractors, bifurcations and other chaotic functions. The program&#039;s focus is on freedom to manipulate any possible parameter.
chaosknight	Chaos Knight Online Client
chaoslizard	Games and resources for game developers.  Currently: a stable cross-platform Asteroids clone; glbmp, a portable glaux replacement bitmap loader; some board games (including Othello) with AI; and other misc. utilities.
chaosnet	Module linux kernel for upload chaosnet protocol into network layer. Server and client programm for share with lisp machine data space. Api interface for make program and service with chaosnet protocol.
chaosp2p	Chaos Reality
chaospad	All-purpose HTML/Perl/Plaintext Editor.
chaosreader	Chaosreader is a freeware tool to fetch application data from snoop or tcpdump logs. Supported protocols include TCP, UDP, IPv4, IPv6, ICMP, telnet, FTP, HTTP, SMTP, IRC, X11, VNC, ...
chaosshell	Linux shell written in C++ which will eventually include scripting and other advanced features
chaossotware	Chaosengine is a 3d engine. It is a modern engine, destined to FPS games.It uses OpenGL Api only. It have an efficient script engine, ceScriptEngine. We\\&#039;ll be able to play trough the network with CE ( ChaosEngine ).
chaostation	CHAOSTATION is a futuristic &amp; professional software designed to deliver a complete management solution for Gaming &amp; Internet Cafes. A wide range of features e.g. booking, license management, financial and statistical reports, POS &amp; advanced s
chaostoolbox	A matlab toolbox for Chaotic charateristics computation, including phase space reconstruction, prediction, noise reduction, entropy, Recurrent Plot, various dimension, Lyapunov estimation are implemented under Windows environment for academic research.
chaosworld	Chaos World is a beat&#039;em&#039;up style 2D arcade game which is similar to Streets of Rage (aka Bare Knuckle).
chaoticlegend	Dragon Knight has moved to its full Host, but requires a lot more bandwidth. The game is easy and fun! You travel the world on the map to fight monsters find items and overall Level up in this exiting RPG game!
chaotictools	This program is useful for visualizing bifurcations of chaotic systems.  In other words, it plots the data and provides useful tools for analyzing and manipulating the data generated by chaotic systems.
chaotix	chaotiX is/will be a tiny linux distribution, that will run on i386 compatible hardware
chap	CHAP or Common Hybrid Agent Platform is a collection of code in Java and C bringing together several research projects in the area of self-organizing systems.
chapar	ChaparReporter is a &quot;JDBC-enabled&quot; reporting tool, which is basically a wrapper around JasperReports and iSQLViewer. It enables you to prepare reports in PDF, HTML or XML. It includes a graphical SQL generator too.
chapasswd	This is a set of tools to manipulate the chap-secrets files, utilized by ppp to CHAP based authentication. It aims to be similar to these tools related with passwd, but manipulating the text based chap-secrets files.
chapmaker	ChapMaker is a new idea for working on texts like essays, articles, documentations or books. It is a simple texteditor with connection to a central database server. Different users from different locations are able to work on their projects together.
chapman	Chapman is a modern, model-view-controller based gui component framework developed in python, inspired by Smalltalk&#039;s VisualWorks framework.
chaps	An nmap wrapper system which, among many other things, provides historical access to all past scans, and vulnerability analysis.
chapter-6	Chapter-6 CMS is a multi-user CMS and protal framework developed for internal use at Hibbing Community College.  Features include Role-Based security, Document workflow, approval system and much more.
chapterenv	Provides Chapter and Sectioning environments in LaTeX. Can be used to replace the existing Chapter and Sectioning commands. The advantages of using sectioning environments include the ability to generate content at the beginning and end chapters and sect
chaqo	An easy to use interpreted scripting language for Windows, programmed in Visual Basic. The aim of developing the software is for it to be a simple but powerful programming tool, useful for personal software and education purposes.
char2eps	Char2eps - A command-line tool for extracting single chars as EPS files from a Postscript Type 3 font.
charabanc	Charabanc is a toolkit for designing web based virtual guided tours of a site. It uses javascript to display panoramic photographs in a scrollable viewport. Each panoramic image can be linked to others through hotspots in the picture. There is also a map
character-gen	CharacterGen is designed to be a tool for writers to either quickly generate large numbers of filler characters with basic features like eye color, hair color and style, etc, or create a more complete profile for main characters.
charba	Charba or (CHAt foR corBA) is a chat application written in corba.  The main servant implementations are in java.  It features rooms, pvt messages, and several other chatting facilities.
charcontrol	An old World of Darkness character tracking software, full extensable to any of the different oWoD games, including intergrated forum and character request system.
charconverter	This program converts a file and/or a directory of files with given extension from ANSI to OEM charset and vice versa
charcounter	A simple plain-text editor with the option to split the text after a number of characters entered.\nThe main purpose is the splitting of YouTube comments.
chard	A site-wide, cross-platform, modular hardware-health monitor that remotely tracks hosts and automatically detects and reports problems.
charemma	VanReD (eVaporate and Reauthor DVDs) is an easy to use application to create a DVD9 to DVD5 backup in one step on Linux. Reauthoring is done by dvdauthor and the requant process by vamps.
charencodetable	This program is a simple tool for displaying maching character encoding methods among NSString, IANA, MS code page, and so on.
charge	Backstab is the 3rd strategy game in the CHARGE!!! universe aswell as the only one that is OpenSourced. It is made in 3D GamesStudio which uses C-Script so a copy of that is required to actually do anything useful with it.
chargen	The D&amp;D Character Generator is a Program that is partially written in java to help with 3rd edition rules.  this could be a DM tool or a Player&#039;s tool.  There is a dice roller implemented with the program that works already.
chargen35	Not content with existing character generators, the Masterwork Character Generator is my attempt at designing a useful, full-featured, rules accurate character designer for D&amp;D 3.5.
charger	CharGer is a conceptual graph (CG) visual editor written in Java. It is intended for researchers and practitioners who want to create and edit graphs for CG knowledge bases. CharGer supports most CG features, including actors, contexts, and interchange.
chargingenabler	Charging Enabler defines and implements an OSA/Parlay-based API to access transparently any charging system, either prepaid or postpaid.
chariotofhelios	Chariot of Helios is a set of Eclipse plugins usefull during Java and J2EE development. It target&#039;s especially server side development.
charity	Charity website. Will act as interface to other charitable organizations. Will allow easy collection of funds online to transfer to the actual charitable organization. Choose a charitable issue or organization, donate, and view the money\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;s
charix	UML Model Use Case Documentor.
charla	A Yahoo! Chat client for use of Yahoo! chat without a web browser and slow Java applet. Cocoa through and through with features improving constantly.
charlemagne	Charlemagne is a versatile genetic programming application which includes a command-line client and  an interactive console mode.  It features built in input-output mapping support, and is user-extensible for complex fitness evaluation in Python and Lisp
charliebot	CharlieBot is an artificial intelligence program written in the Java language. It is based on work from the ALICE, ANNA v7.0, and Program D v4.1.5 projects. It works on Mac OS X or any Java 1.3 VM. Charlie is a 58 year old computer enthusiast.
charlieface	Standard C static lib replacement for msvcrt.dll. Written entirely in assembly using NASM. Programs using CharlieFace will likely benefit from increased performance.
charlix	Charlix is intended to be a desktop assistant. Charlix is based in AIML (Artificial Intellligence Markup Language). So it is compatible with any AIML interpreter with a working &lt;system&gt; tag. However the main goal is for it to be ready to use with K
charly-brown	Charly Brown is a little and easy-to-use chat program which works with the UDP protocol. You can stay in contact with another person without using a service like Windows Messenger, you only have to know the IP adress of you partner.
charman	Das Ziel dieses Projekts ist es, ein Clanverwaltungssystem zu entwickeln, das in Layout, Speicherung von Daten und Authentifizierung schnell und einfach anpassbar ist.
charmander	A library of C functions and a C program using them to process text into |33t, rot13, or a variety of other encodings.
charmap	Charmap is a character map for GNUstep.
charmcuddle	A super cute and charming platform game for whole family.
charmmgui	This is a group of python script to support peptide or protein interaction with SAM or other polymer ( Given that you have the RTF definition by yourself). It support any charmm version you use by specifying your Environment variables.
charmy	Charmy is a tool for specification of Software Architectures through diagrammatic, UML-based notations, and validation of the architectural specification conformance with respect to functional requirements.
charon	CHARON is generator to produce PowerTier .per files from TogetherJ class-diagrams and vice versa.
charonsecurity	Charon is a full security suite based on the netfilter hooks from Linux Kernels 2.4/2.6.
charpoly	The purpose of this project is the development of a linea algebra algorithm which is called &quot;charpoly&quot; and is used to calculate the characteristic polinomial of special low rank matrixes. It was developed and implemented in C/C++/PariC.
charrua	It is a Uruguayan Linux distribution. Can be used from floppy disks, cdroom or you can install it in your hard disk. It has been designed to be fast and effective without leaving of side the graphical aspect for the user.
chart-taglibs	Chart Taglibs is a free tag library (JSP 1.1 and higher) library for JFreeChart. These are easy to use, and allow the developer to draw any graphics supported by JFreeChart using only the tags. Chart Taglibs currently supports pie, bar and line charts.
chart2d	A Java class library for visualizing quantitative data using two-dimensional category charts [pie, line, vertical bar, horizontal bar, scatter-plot (dot), combination, and overlay charts].  Charts are of type JComponent and BufferedImage.
chartapp	This program helps you to manage a Schafkopf session. You can configure the players and the prices of a games. The program has the possibility to export the data in a xml format.
chartdraw	This programm draws charts and diagramms out of many different also usertyped terms.
chartfactory	ChartFactory is a free, open-source Java API for generating charts that can be saved as files or embedded in web or desktop applications. Unlike other API&#039;s, ChartFactory is extremely lightweight (the binary jar is around 32KB) and simple to use.
charting	TaiwanTrader is a charting application for any kind of stock and option data. It displays stock trading data as candlesticks and provides an interface to add your own indicators to the GUI.
chartpart	A Realbasic module that provides full-featured charting &amp; graphing services.
charts	A web-based game where users manage bands from the site&#039;s &quot;fantasy&quot; pop charts and try to win fame. Coded in PHP and uses mySQL.
chartshare	Chartshare is a computer based system for the production, analysis, and distribution of Standard Celeration Charts (http://www.celeration.org).
chartster	Java module to create dynamic charts on the fly.  Supports Bar, Scatter, Line, and Pie charts.
chartsvg	ChartSVG is a collection of XSLT scripts that creates SVG charts (line charts, bar charts, column chart, pie charts etc.) from a XML file.
charva	CHARVA is a Java Swing-like framework for presenting a &quot;graphical&quot; user interface, composed of elements such as windows, dialogs, menus, textfields and buttons, on a traditional character-cell ASCII terminal.
chasenet-game	Chasenet decided to code a 3D game dedicated to the hacking community.\n\nA hacking based online massive multiplayer online game with realistic hacking scanerios and puzzles using both 2D and 3D gfx.
chasers	CHASERS is a web/database application for non-profits.  The original version tracks clients and services for a homeless service agency.  An adapted version keeps track of donors and fundraising.  It could be enhanced to keep other kinds of records too.
chasm-interop	Chasm-interop is a set of tools that parses C++ and Fortran 90 source files and automatically generates bridging code to provide for seamless language interoperability.
chasp	chASP is an asp-based chat using an access-database. Multiple rooms, Administration, Moderators, Icons &amp; Customizable interface.
chassis	The Chassis library is a fast class-based library designed to ease the pain of multiplatform application development, with a strong emphasis on openGL games.
chat	A curses-based chat program with client and server in one package. POSIX compliant and very portable. Multiple user support very solid, no setup needed, very easy interface.
chat-3d	Creating an 3D-Chat upon an OpenSource-Game-Engine. Perhaps adding features like personalisised characters, more servers, File-Sharing or boards ... (Yah, my idea was from 1999 - and now There.com have done it ... I hate this world ... :-((( )
chat-it	ChatIT is a cross platform IRC client that aims to support all of IRC protocols.
chat-lan	A LAN chat client designed for a hidden area, such as schools or work that do not allow messengers such as MSN or AIM. You must have Windows 2000 or XP to work. Features to include all those in chat programs such as MSN and trillian.
chat-p2p	Project of chat based on p2p networking. Encrypter communication. Virtual addressing etc.
chat-protocol	A Protocol allowing chat and file sharing for clients.
chat-uni	A New University Chat!
chat2irc	chat2irc is a program that allows your friends who do not know how to use irc to private message you on irc with an AIM like interface. No irc knowledge is required to be able to use it.
chat4lann	This project hosts the Chat4LanServerLess protocol and its .NET client. This protocol enables user to chat on a Lan without any server. Secure function are to be implemented soon.
chat5	Chat5 is a PHP/MySQL-based web chat system which exists to be the most easily customized program in its class. It supports multiple rooms, text styles, whispering, and a neat custom interval timer.
chat777	Chat 777 is a MSN-Messenger like client/proto.
chatapps	Interact with a computer by chatting to it! ChatApps is a graphical Eclipse-based framework to design and execute interactive workflows. Applications can be located in a fashion similar to locating a document with the Google Desktop toolbar.
chatattack	Chatattack is an instant messenger for the Jabber XMPP communication platform written in Java. It will use the SWT toolkit. Thus, it should be possible to use it on wide range of operating systems providing a pleasing graphical interface.
chatausirc	A full functionaly IRC client written specifically for the Chataus Network.
chatbird	The project is called ChatBird.  It is written in Java, wich means it is able to run on each OS with a Java Virtual Machine.  ChatBird will be a chatprogram wich has one central serer, wich is very limited, and channelservers located at user computers.
chatborg	Chatborg is a software app to chat with you like humans.It&#039;s a first step to stimulate the human brain.The program seems to be working.
chatbrowser	This is a Web browser with chat client through which all users who use the browser will be able to chat each other. This two options will be included in one program - chatbrowser.
chatchannels	Official EQEMu ChatChannels - Facilitates cross server tells and cross server chatting from inside EverQuest while playing on EQEMu servers.
chatchat	ChatChat Professional is a simple internet chat software that is easy to use and it is free!!
chatcity	ChatCity is an interactive online chat city where you can live your life, have fun, meet friends etc. Connection to messengers like icq or aim are also planned.
chatcommander	This is a remote-client programe based on MSN messenger. It can do many things for you.Such as file operation,db operation and chat robot.All these are based on MSN cha.
chatd	This is a telnet chat server that allows multiple people to connect and chat at once, similar to IRC. Any telnet client can be used as the client. Multiple telnet clients have been tested.
chategory	Chategory is a PHP-powered, Ajax-enhanced chatting system. Basic chatting is available for all users, with extra enhancements for those with Javascript.
chatelet	Ch?telet is a modular Java-based IRC and chat client for server based IRC/chat and peer to peer chat. You can subscribe to multiple chat/IRC rooms/channels in a single windows with different text colors for different sources (persons,rooms or channels).
chateverything	This project is going to be developed to be use as a small chat application, using browser facility(javascript, php), because it can be used in intranet, internet both.
chateverywhere	Simple and powerful chat client/server system for your web pages. Support channel administration, irc-like commands, connections filtering, extensive logging and much more. Works in any Java compliant web browser.
chatfight	ChatFight is a fun chat application which allows users to &quot;Fight&quot; each other while chatting.
chatforte	A secure collaborative framework that is being used by other projects such as CFAgent (online customer service), CFWeb (pure HTTP communication for CFAgent) and much more in addition to serving as a standalone all-in-one collaboration platform by itself.
chatfox	Sohbet ederken ozel ifadeler, goz kirpmalari, ?arki sozleri gonderebilme, goz yormayan grafikler, size ozel sinirsiz messenger ki?i listesi, TV, Radio, Flash oyunlar, gunluk fal gibi e?lence ihtiyaclarinin tumunu kar?ilayabilen bir program.
chatfx	chatFX combines the power of Flash and XML to produce an intuitive, multi-platform, highly customizable chat client anyone can install and use.
chathere	it&#039;s a web bbs, let&#039;s try it.
chathurangam	Chathurangam is a chess interface to the hundreds of Winboard compatible engines available out there. It will have a normal PGN viewer, analysis of any functions and optionally support for creating/maintaining a repertoire &amp; SCID like DB support. The
chatin	CHATin is a peer-to-peer communication software (instant messaging) specially designed for WiFi networks (community networks) and Intranets.
chatinjava	A small chat Program written in Java, which allows you to speak &quot;privately&quot; to other users. It shall get an encryption and a compression. I plan to integrate a dcc-like file-transfer
chatinteract	Stupid bot for a krovatka.ru web chat
chatjax	Chatjax is a Internet Relay Chat web client that uses technology Ajax
chatkit	chaTkit is a decentralized messaging system that allows peers to chat directly with other peers in a one-to-one or chat room environment.
chatlet	Chatlet is an applet / servlet gateway to IRC. It makes it possible to transparently connect to IRC using a standard web browser, even if you are behind proxies and firewalls, as all communication is done via HTTP.
chatlogd	Chatlog daemon is a configurable daemon that stores all your logs in one central place.
chatlogix	An ignitionServer module that will enable support for the MSN Chat Control and the MSN Admin Client via GateKeeper and NTLM authenication that includes a easy-to-use web interface for easily creating live, online communities.
chatmats	UI add on for World of Warcraft MMORPG which allows Recipe ingredients to be sent to another player via the chat system.
chato	Shared project of the Telemática Aplicada course (2006/2007), of an avatar based chat system.
chatrphp	Chatr is a chatroom on your site. It&#039;s a set of php scripts and some javascript to create an AJAX/php chatroom with php as the only server requirement.
chatsearch	Utility for extracting, indexing, searching, archiving, viewing, and exporting iChat transcripts. Turns thousands of individual unsearchable binary iChat files into an sqlite database and a .tar.gz file.
chatserve	ChatServe is a package written in C++ using FOX that includes a server and a client, allowing multiple users to chat on the same server at the same time.  The package supports multiple rooms, private messaging, and more.
chatsniff	An easy to use program that monitors, or &quot;sniffs&quot; networks for AIM, ICQ, MSN, Yahoo! and Jabber instant messages.
chatspot	A web-based program that works with phpBB to create a chatroom for your forum. It does not require any extra client or server programs to be installed.
chatter	Chatter is an IP chat program written in Delphi 5.
chatter-box	This is the first of my publicly released scripts. This is a nifty script that allows people to post \\\\\\&#039;chatter\\\\\\&#039; on your website. You have probably seen this type of thing on other sites, but I decided to make my own that provided flexibili
chatterbot	The aim of this project is to create a program which learns to use different languages by using evolutionary algorithms.
chatterbox-php	ChatterBox is an HTML/PHP/MySQL based chat application which will have support for avatars, profiles, private rooms, a messaging system and possibly a blog.
chatterboxlan	Chatterbox - A Network Chat program using multicast
chatterphp	This project will be to document the Chatterbox port from Perl to PHP. I have permission from the author. Chatterbox 1.0PL is a one liner &quot;graffiti-wall&quot; for webpages.
chatterworld	Undernets IRCu modified to suit ChatterNet
chatthing	A Rendezvous enabled chat client for windows.
chatting	can we open pdf using olebridge in java if any please send to my id erodeprakash@rediffmail.com
chattix	Chattix is an javabased Chat Application. Its a student project, and mostly not usable
chattoconnect	A simple win-based network-chat (tcp/ip protocol). Wrote in C++ and WinAPI. The network is realized by the windows sockets. Includes broadcast-server-search.
chatwars	The real-time strategy web game based on the chat room
chauncey	Takes player names as input, then on command randomly selects a winner.  Pronounced &quot;chance-ee&quot; (after the town in Southern Ohio).
chaylak	Chaylak is a sport events scheduling program which will be written in Borland C++ Builder. it will create league files ,take them and create the matches and schedule. then publish them on web in a php file...
chbg	ChBg is desktop background manager which allows you to exchange periodicaly your wallpaper. With same functionality you can use it as simple screensaver or xscreensaver hack. Also it is posible to use it as quite good image viewer.
chbhand	The ChBhand package is a Ch interface to a Barrett Hand robotic manipulator.  Utilizing the ChBhand package, users can interactively control a Barrett Hand robotic manipulator on any computer running Ch on a Windows\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039; platform.
chblogpages	Community Hub Blog Pages
chc-rpg	A massively-multiplayer online role-playing game (MMO-RPG) designed to function like a table-top RPG, allowing players to use natural language naratives or commands rather than the strict subset commonly associated with computer games.
chcase	A commandline program to change file/dir names from upper case to lower case, or inversely. Several files/dirs can be processed. Files/subdirs in a directory can be processed recursively with the -R option. Matching patterns and conditions supported.
chcchurch	The purpose of this project is to streamline the data processing involved with the Great Day of Service, which is a service project sponsored by College Heights Christian Church located in Joplin, MO.  This project is being developed by members of Geeks-
chdd	Common Hardware Recovery Solutions by Ukrainian-Russian network from http://hardw.net/forum
che	This project has been founded to launch supporting development for the &#039;Hifidelio&#039; Audio-Server.
cheap	Cheap is a system that get make the customers to get the latest discount infomation from different providers. This system uses struts architechure and jsp for front-end.
cheap-mp3	ARM7 targeted MP3 player. Fixed point 16 bit. Purpose is to buid an MP3 player with the lowest possible cost. Works on mono files (going stereo shouldn&#039;t be very complicated). Doesn&#039;t use Helix. The huffman decoding uses a clustering based algo
cheapmatrix	This is a C++ Matrix class optimized for memory before speed. It enables handling huge matrices, and can link with LAPACK.
cheat	CHEAT - Stands for Comprehensive Hierarchical Environment for Answering Things\n\nAKA This is a Knowledgebase Application written in PHP. It is intended to be very configurable and flexible to suit most hopefully all needs.
cheatdb	The Perfekt Resource for gamers who are stuck in a Game. Cheat Database ist a Cool Tool. Its a Mix of Dlh Http://www.dlh.net and Winhack. Complete own Development. No Fake.
cheatlist	CheatList is more then a simple cheat database. Programmed in Visual Basic 6, Cheatlist permits you to add, remove and edit cheats and it has a attaching file system (like screenshots or savestates) and an incredible search system with various options.
cheatsender	This Program is designed to send Cheatcodes through the keyboard during Games like GTA Vice City or Warcraft 3 for cheating faster. More Cheats for other Games can be edited and be added to this Project easily.
cheatsheets	cheatSheet Repository and cheatSheatCreator-Plugin. A cheatSheet is an inline Wizard-Plugin-System for Eclipse &gt; 3.0. With cheatSheets you can explain everything inside Eclipse, direct linked to everything you can reach with the Eclipse API.
chebi	Chemical Entities of Biological Interest (ChEBI) is a freely available database of chemical compounds and other small molecular entities.
check	Check: a unit test framework for C
check-apilitax	Checkout APIlitAx is a sample Ajax mashup of Google Checkout and Google AdWords. It is based on APIlitAx (apilitax.sf.net) which in turn uses APIlity (google-apility.sf.net). Its intention is to give an idea of how AdWords and Checkout can be integrated.
check-logfiles	check_logfiles is a plugin for Nagios which searches for patterns in logfiles. It is capable of scanning multiple logfiles and their rotated ancestors in a single run.
check-packeteer	check-packeteer.pl is a plugin for the Nagios network monitoring system. It is\ndesigned to read traffic statistics from a Packeteer appliance via HTTP \nrequest and return the status to Nagios.
check-smartmon	Nagios plugin that uses smartmontools (http://smartmontools.sourceforge.net/) to check disk health status and temperature.
check-x509	check_x509 is a generic script to check X509 entities for expiration periods.  It can be run from nagios, nrpe, cron, on the command line, or in other scripts or programs.
check4update	Check4Update is a java server application with a php gui to monitor online resources for updates and changes. If a resource modification was detected, a notification message can be send to the user.
checkattachment	VBA-Macro in different languages that prevents forgetting attachments when sending mails.
checkbook	Checkbook is a multifunctional accounting tool, allowing easy and convenient tracking of account transactions and budgets.
checkbot	Checkbot is a tool to verify links on a set of HTML pages. Checkbot can check a single document, or a set of documents on one or more servers. Checkbot creates a report which summarizes all links which caused some kind of warning or error.
checkbyphone	Check by phone is an web based solution that inputs financial information to a MSSQL DB and allows an seperate backend to connect using Crystal Reports to print MICR encoded checks.
checkclipse	Checkclipse is a plugin which integrates the Checkstyle style checker for Coding Guidelines into Eclipse. All Java style violations will be immediately reported by error markers. Coding Guidelines can be configured for each project separately.
checkcml	The CheckCML project is a collection of modules for the production and checking of chemical experimental data represented as CML. The core CheckCML library provides classes for the checking process; tools such as OscarData allow for the production of CML
checkconection	An applet which check if some IP addresses are UP or DOWN, don&#039;t use ping command.
checkdhcpd	A simple script that generate reports for ISC DHCPD 2.x, organized by &quot;shared-network.&quot;  Optionally, you can run this script as a cron job and have it send out warning email should a scope need attention.
checkdirs	Checkdirs is a perl script that runs on UNIX-based operation systems as well as on pretty much any recent Windows. Checkdirs is designed to test ISO (containing a .sfv) as well as ZIPped releases for their integrity. Many more functions, try it out!
checkdns	This project is a domain name server analysis and reporting tool.
checkdocsql	CheckdocSQL is a software for documents management in an office Current supported features Store incoming and outcoming documents Localise documents inside the Office Assign deadlines for treatments Tracking of each document.
checker	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
checkerss	Text/console based Chceckers network multiplayer game for 2 players using PtP connections thru unix sockets.
checkfacebook	Checkfacebook is a perl script that notifies you on new messages on http://www.facebook.com. The Facebook is a online community for universities. Requires WWW::Mechanize. Changes/improvements welcome!
checkfence	CheckFence is a SAT-based formal verification tool that analyzes C code implementing concurrent data types on multiprocessors (concurrent queues, sets etc.) with respect to a selected memory model.
checkfiles	CheckFiles takes a registry of files and checks their state in remote (where they should be) comparing with a central CVS or with their registry in database. If they differ, the admin can update the registry (CVS / DB), or restore the files or permitions
checkgmail	CheckGmail is a system tray application that checks a Gmail account for new mail.  It is fast, secure and uses minimal bandwidth via the use of atom feeds.
checkiseries	check_iseries is a plugin for nagios to retrieve cpu-usage, database capacity, number of running jobs, diskstatus informations.
checkitout	Checkout is a system to checkout/checkin equipment and to track the frequency of use for each item.  Checkout includes a reservation system for placing holds on equipment.  In Addition, it includes equipment maintainence and customer tracking.
checkkernel	A simulator for the 68HC11 microprocessor. It supports only a small subset of the opcodes and it is no longer maintained.
checklipse	CHECKLIPSE project is intended to provide a plugin for the eclipse ide platform(www.eclipse.org) that will provide integration with the ClearCase version management system.
checkmailplus	CheckMail+ is a simple mail client (POP, IMAP) in delphi which uses the Synapse TCP/IP library. The main goals are: unified access to both protocols, caching messages on harddrive, decoding messages correctly, minimal setup and tuning, HTML-&gt;plain tex
checkmate	Checkmate is a tool for running automated web-app integration tests. Testcases are defined in Excel sheets, using application-specific commands. Checkmate also supports easy database access from test, and a fake SMTP server for testing email messages.
checknis	Nagios plugin to check the status of a NIS server on a specified host and NIS domain.
checknorris	CheckNorris is a Simple File Verification (SFV) tool. CheckNorris integrates with your OS by providing .sfv file association and right click context menu.
checknow	CheckNow! is a PHP-driven web administration tool which supports 30+ online games, and allows an administrator to switch between different game servers to run, and check on the status of the server.
checkoff	Menu-bar based to-do list for Mac OS X
checkout	Checkout - a simple file checkout script for the korn shell.  This script makes it so that only one person can edit a source file at a time.  Supports file history and a login system.  Should also work in bash if you change the first line in the script.
checkout-xx	Additional fulfillment option for the Gallery2 &quot;Checkout&quot; module. Allows G2 users to permit their site users to complete transactions on www.MoneyBookers.com and on www.NoChex.com. Requires the main Checkout Module.
checkov	Checkov is a fiction writers&#039; assistant, it will keep track of characters, scenes, themes, plots, conflicts, timelines, etc. and multiply link each to all other elements in that element.
checkpoint	CheckPoint is a Visual Studio.NET add-in which allows developers to create checkpoints in their source files and revert to that checkpoint at anytime. This tool is especially useful for technical presenters who need to reset their presentations.
checkpop	Checkpop is a POP3 command line interface for UNIX based operating systems.
checkpower	CheckPower uses Growl to display when your laptop is accidentally unplugged.
checkpwd-imap	checkpasswd compatible interface testing against an imap server
checkrdf	Check RDFs for news and show them.
checkregister	Check Register is a project to allow you to keep track of all your checkbook transactions on your own computer. Check Register is available only for Mac OS X. It has many features that rival larger apps like Quicken, and best of all, it&#039;s free softw
checkspam	Integrated solution to trap spamers and to generate information about sender, type of spam, promoted product and location of the used servers.
checkstyle	Checkstyle is a development tool to help programmers write Java code that adheres to a coding standard. By default it supports the Sun Code Conventions, but is highly configurable. It can be invoked with an ANT task and a command line program.
checkstyle4ada	Checkstyle4Ada provides an extension to Checkstyle, which enables Checkstyle to be used with Ada95 sources. It is packaged as an Eclipse fragment, so it can be used with eclipse-cs without modification.
checksuite	checksuite is a suite of perl scripts to assist in day-to-day system administration tasks. The scripts are intended to monitor system resources and a few security-related aspects. This is intended for Linux and may work on other Unix platforms.
checksum	CheckSum is a simple program for calculate most typical hashing function like md5 or sha1. It is based on OpenSSL project.Program designed for Windows , Linux.
checksummer	CheckSummer is a graphical utility to calculate cryptographic checksums of arbitrary files. It supports MD5, SHA-1, and SHA-256 digest algorithms.
checksums	this project creates a website for providing checksums for software distribution files
checksys	Check_sys is set of scripts written in Perl which can be used to monitor Linux servers (cpu, memory, swap, load, processes, network, filesystems, uptime, disks&#039; I/O). It collects data and stores it using RRDTOOL library.
checkups	CheckUPS actively checks United Parcel Service, Inc&#039;s website on the status of a shipped package.  When the package status has changed, the software brief notice to any email addresses the user may have supplied (email, ICQ, pager, phone, etc).
checkvalid	A verification library accompanied by a simple tool for verification of credit-cards, social security-numbers and other mod(10) and similar checksums in a standard shell-environment from the command-line or as a function. No compilation required.
checkxml	CheckXML will allow you perform various checks on an XML file - XML Schema, XPath 2.0, XSLT 2.0, XQuery and Relax NG. This allows users to augment schema checks with XPath/XSLT checks to fully check the correctness of an XML file.
checky	Checky is an easy to use interface to many online validation and analysis services. Validate, analyze and view documents containing HTML, XHTML, CSS, RDF, RSS, XML, P3P, hyperlinks and metadata. Check Section 508 and WAI compliance of your documents.
cheddar	Generate C++ header files from cpp files.  Inspired by javadoc, and doxygen style source commenting.  No need to maintain two seperate files to represent one class.  Create and keep your headers up-to-date with your cpp files with little effort.
cheech	cheech is a multi-platform, networked Chinese Checkers game
cheekygeek	This project develops plugins and themes for the Geeklog CMS.
cheeseball	This project is a troubleshooting tool for the Windows Platforms NT/9x, that allows simplified troubleshooting of an internet connection.
cheeseballcms	A weird CMS designed around Vesta. It&#039;s centered on the fact that most web pages are relatively static.
cheesecake	The Cheesecake project will evaluate the quality of Python packages posted to the PyPI repository hosted at the Cheese Shop (http://cheeseshop.python.org/pypi). Each project will be given a &quot;Cheesecake index&quot;: the higher the index, the higher t
cheesetracker	CheeseTracker is a portable clone of Impulse Tracker, the module music creation program
cheesetronic	CheeseTronic is a set of professional-grade intended audio and music composition apps for unix &amp; compatibles. consists of CheeseTracker(Impulse Tracker Clone), LegaSynth(Old Chip/Keyboard/Synth emu), Shake Tracker(MIDI Tracker), and Chionic (Sampler)
cheesybb	CheesyBB is a new, open-source, free and full-scale bulletin board which can be highly customized for power and at the same time, easy to configure for personal or large-scale uses. PHP 4+ and MySQL 3.23+ required.
cheesypy	CheesyPy - a library for creating websites somewhat like CherryPy, featuring a builtin web-server (HTTPLib) with session management (not using Cookies) and a plugin architecture (PageLib) for webpages.
cheesysearch	CheesySearch! is a free open source search engine.  Search the net or download a copy for your site.
cheetah	The cheetah web browser is a project that has been started to create a fast,  light-weight, bloat-free, open source web browser for Linux and other free unix clones that is not dependant on any other browser and is not bound to a particular desktop.
cheetah-wiz	CheetahWizard is an extension of the Cheetah template engine and code generator. It makes easier the use of Cheetah for the generation of multiple documents from templates in a local environment and provides a Wizard-GUI to fill in necessary information 
cheetahbb	CheetahBB is a PHP based liteweight, user moderated web forum/BB application. The unique moderation system is based on a democratic meritocracy.
cheetahdatabase	xBase database library. Creates traditional dBase III Plus and FoxPro database files. Unique dual btree indexes allow multiple indexes in each disk file. Small disk/memory footprint (66K). Ability to interface to multiple programming languages.
cheetahos	The purpose of this project is to create an operating system and environment designed from the ground up for a home network.
cheetahtemplate	Cheetah is a template engine and code generation tool, written in Python. Web development is its principle use, but Cheetah is very flexible and is also being used to generate C++ game code, Java, sql, form emails and even Python code.
cheetan	Cheetan is MVC framework which is lightest in the world(?) for PHP.\nI usually use CakePHP. But I want framework that I able to use when the project isn&#039;t so large-scale but is a little tired... So I developed such a framework.
cheezer	Cheezer is the catalogizator for cd,dvd (external hdd,flash cards and so-on)\nIt can be extended with plugins (for getting information from varios files and media types)
chef	The Chef recipe management system
cheffeprojects	Du hast keine Lust,dein phpBB selber zu modden?? Dann bist du hier richtig :)
chefxp	some java ftp/fxp clients build on ftp4che ( http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/ftp4che ). f.e. command line, gui client, jboss beans, ...
cheggstats	A Win32 FTP server.
cheifethical	I really intended to release some code which I wrote into the GNU world; but, I don&#039;t think some other parts of the world are ready for it yet.
cheiron	The Cheiron (pronounce keye-ron) project creates and maintains Open Source projects related to Jini Technology.
chello-limit	Takes (via http) informations about KBytes sent &amp; received by you chello connection. Then prints the the limit percentage you have used within actual cycle and amount of data available to transfer yet.
chellow	Web based application for processing and checking UK electricity bills.
chem-file	The Chemical Structures Project is a set of 3D structures of molecules in CML format. Each file contains also some physical properties, which can be access using a web browser or a CML file reader.
chemb	A small utility to add or remove from the command line (or a script) Nautilus emblems bound to a file or directory
chembank	ChemBank is a web-based application for organizing, displaying and exploring biochemical assay data collected through high-throughput screening, and the chemical compounds they involve.
chembot	Extensible 3-dimensional chemical reaction modeling tool that utilizes the known scientific rules and theorems to predict complex molecular reactions  on an organismal level. Will serve as a starting point for developing a simulated organism.
chembuddy	Cocoa/Objective-C chemical analysis and computation program; includes gas laws, solutions/solubility, stoichiometry, periodic tables, et alii.
chemcalc	ChemCalc is a calculator that is more oriented towards chemistry. Although starting out as a console app, it is a hope that an X11 interface will be designed at a later time.
chemclipse	Provide the chemical world with a frontend for entering and managing chemical data. This frontend will be made with the Eclipse Rich Client Platform. Additionally a Server component will be developed for storing and retrieving the data.
chemcpp	ChemCpp is a C++ toolbox for chemoinformatics focusing on the computation of kernel functions between chemical compounds. Together with Support Vector Machines, these kernel functions find natural applications for virtual screening of molecules.
chemeval	Chemical Evaluation Framework (CEF) is a molecular structure based software to assist in hazard assessment.
chemformat-oo	A Chemistry Formatter plug-in for the Open Office Suite based on, and drawn heavily from, the Chemistry Formatters by Dr. King of Troy University for the Microsoft(TM) Office Suite.
chemformatter	ChemFormatter is add-in program for Microsoft Office. ChemFormatter automatically applies font styles in a chemical document.
chemgame	ChemGame is the framework for the Chemical Jeopardy event of the University of Maryland&#039;s Chemathon.  Due to repeated requests from the teacher community, it is being  released under the GNU license for use in the classroom.
chemical-mime	A collection of data files which tries to give support for various chemical MIME types (chemical/*) on Linux/UNIX desktops. Chemical MIME&#039;s have been proposed in 1995, though it seems they have never been registered with IANA.
chemistry	Web based chemistry toolbox for the college chemistry student. Initial development is centered on General Chemistry I.
chemmap	A Molecular Chemical Viewer using OpenGL and Platform independent provided for the study of Chemicals, including physical, chemical and visual properties.
chemname	&quot;chemname&quot; will be a chemistry software that translate chemicals to fomulas using IUPAC naming rules of chemicals. This software will be written in Java, developed on windows 2k/xp and linux. Planning to use j2sdk and some xml packages. An algo
chemnomparse	A Java program to parse chemical names using IUPAC nomenclature. The output can be either a visualisation of the molecule, or in a form for other programs to use (e.g. CML).
chemodose	ChemoDose is an Open Source chemotherapy dosing calculator for Palm OS devices. It aims to include all common dosing calculations on a single page.
chemopy	Chemopy is a set of Python functions and classes that are useful for the field of chemometrics. This includes multivariate regression, pattern recognition, signal processing, and other useful preprocessing techniques. For active development of Python Che
chemruby	ChemRuby is a framework for developing cheminformatics applications in Ruby. It will let you retrieve chemical information from variety of data sources, fast substructure search, draw a chemical structure, and calculate chemical properties.
chemstar	Design and development of Distributed computing environment using Java RMI for molecualr informatics
chemulator	phpChemulator is a php based program that acts as tool to perform complex and simple chemistry formulas and problems, to arrive at your desired solution. Helping to solve everything from the number of moles to London Dispersement forces!
chemworks	Chemistry framework for modeling metabolism.
chengdu	A program to automate, regulate, backup and restore configuration files for common daemons and programs (and or) using preconfigured or custom configured .confs. To increase the efficiency of administrative setting up of server and client boxes.
chengine	Copy Handler&#039;s v2 engine project. Project contains a library and a daemon/service to allow fast file transfers(with additional features-pausing/resuming,background transfers,...) between different storage medias for use in other programs.
chenl	ChemE aims to be a library for performing analytical operations specific to chemical engineering.
chenla-cat	The Chenla Catalog is a public domain set of subject headings, authority tables and bibliographic records to be be used by free media projects for building software and web sites for accessing and distributing free books and media.
chenmin	JAVA Content Manager System a Struts programe to manager the news,photos,softwares and so on. We will easy to manager and publish them, and easy make them to html,txt,pdf. This JAVACMS allows user register,post news,photos,softwares and so on.
cheops-ng	Cheops-ng is a Network management tool for mapping your network and monitoring your network.  It has host/network discovery functionality as well as OS detection.  It does a port scan of each computer to tell what services are running.
chepersy	Object-oriented persistency system for FPC/Delphi. A replacement for TPersistent, featuring a high backward and some forward compatibility of data files and a transparent resolving of circular graphs.
cheque-marker	Cheque Marker is a simple program written in Java. When we input a numerical value it not only displays but also generates sound also.
chequeredflag	Chequered Flag is an open-source attempt to create the first universal game editor for Geoff Crammond&#039;s F1GP and WC. The long-term goal of the project is to incorporate all editing facilities, both current and future in this program.
chequeredsoccer	Have you ever played soccer on a chequered page of your notebook during school days? Now you may play 3D version of it with computer or even multiple players over the network!
cheques	This project is use for to register data of bank account.
cherbot	CherBot is an information bot for Daimonin that keeps track of which players collect which items, who&#039;s been online, determines a level ranking, provides a mail system for mailing offline players, manages clans and more.
cherokee	Cherokee is a fully extensible and scriptable automation engine for any and all java applets. To make it work for your favorite java applet the most you have to do is write is two classes.
cherry	Cherry is a set of tools for UNIX-based systems.
cherrypick	CherryPick is a development tool able to compute NCSS (Non Commenting Source Statement) and CCN (Cyclomatic Complexity Number) on java sources.
cherrypop	CherryPop is a Java based multi-user chat server with a GUI chat client.
cherrypy	CherryPy is a Pythonic HTTP toolkit. All releases of CherryPy can be found at http://www.cherrypy.org/CherryPyDownload.
cherrywebmail	cherrywebmail is a python IMAP4 web-based client that uses cherrpy http framework.
cherubi	Framework for rapid porting of win32 based application to Unix with Winelib
cherubim	Cherubim is a tool for the online game Utopia. It has the look&amp;feel of the windows tool Utopia Angel.
cherubimro	Cherubim takes a snapshot of the computer screen and stores the image in a log file.  The log file can then be played back like a movie.
cherycgiforum	Chery CGI Forum
cheshbon	Software for creating a Cheshbon haNefesh diary for use with traditional Mussar practice. See &lt;http://diaspora.org.il/ethics/acc08.htm&gt;, or even better, the book Cheshbon haNefesh &lt;http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0873067746/aishdas
cheshire3	Cheshire3 is a fast Z39.50, SRW, XML search engine, written in Python for extensability and using C libraries for speed.  Next generation of the Cheshire system (http://cheshire.berkeley.edu) and designed around a distributable, object oriented model.
chess	CPD - Chess Player Database is an open source database tool to enter and search information about Chess Players around the world. Anyone can contribute to keying info about any chess player.
chess-basse	Complete chess engine and viewer written in Java
chess-challenge	Chess challenge is an open source chess AI project with GUI. If you want source drop me a mail. ces.mohab[at]yahoo[dot]com
chess-knight	Simple chess playing software
chess-solver	Given a placement of pieces on a chessboard, find the move which forces checkmate as rapidly as possible.
chess100	Chess on 100-square board.
chess3d2	A Chess Game developed completly in Java including the Java3D API. This game is more then standard chess games, because it contains the possibility to play on more then one layer (e.g. you can pull the rook in x- y- and z-axis)
chessaholic	Chessaholic is a bluetooth chess game for academic/research purposes written in Java Programming Language (J2ME).
chessaid	A chess study aid that lets you keep track of the various positions and branches of a chess game. It&#039;s very useful for studying the complexities of a board situation, and for following along a game that has plenty of commentary. Check out the homepa
chessboard	Chessboard is a PHP script utilizing ImageMagick and chess-piece fonts to create chess board images on the fly and serve them via the web. A web-based position composer/editor is also included.
chessbookbyluke	Omnisciently pre-compiled chess engine.
chessboy	Chessboy is a chess game written in C#.
chessclient	Play chess on popular Internet Chess Servers (ICS servers) with a Palm-OS-based PDA.  This version builds on the original version 1.0 created and released by David Barr.
chessclock	KChessClock is a chess clock for Linux and KDE. KChessClock can be used instead of a conventional chess timer when two humans are playing chess on a conventional chessboard.
chessclub	PHP/MySQL software for managing rankings for amateur chess clubs, such as for school groups or other groups of chess enthusiasts.  It uses a standard chess rating formula that can be modified to suit your club. Data entry for game results and player info
chessclubadmin	A chess club management system, based on a PostgreSQL database supported by a Qt based graphical user interface with forms based input. The system tracks members and their club rating using the USCF rating system. A tournament pairing module will be incl
chesscript	chesscript is a highly customizable scripting language to programme a chess engine.
chessd	CHESSD is a free Internet chess server for online chess playing. This project is an effort to unify, correct and expand the old servers (fics, gics, lasker, ...).
chessdb	ChessDB is a free open-source chess database for Windows, Linux, Mac OSX and most UNIX and UNIX-like operating systems. ChessDB is based on code from Scid http://scid.sourceforge.net/ - a project for which there have been no updates for several years.
chessdrills	A set of drills to build your chess skills
chesseditor	Chess Editor is a pure Java tool to create, edit and view chess games in the Portable Game Notation (PGN) format. The tool integrates with externally specified chess engine programs to provide analysis of board positions.
chessengine	Realtime 3D (enlarge PIC) rendering engine for &quot;no-turn&quot; chess game, supports rule scripting language. Although not all rules will apply, read the basic rules for Millennium Chess. The game supports bots for NO-TURN and standard games.
chessgame	Chess game, but also so much more. Allows user to create their own custom board game, with own rules, pieces, and board layout. Includes intelligent AI that can adapt to customized games, and multiplayer support that allows users to share their creations
chessgamedemo	A chess game, for educational purposes.
chessgc	ChessGC is an opensource 3D Chess game for windowns written in C++ and OpenGL. It is being created as part of a game development club. Currently, games can only be played by two people on the same computer.
chessgraph	ChessGraph is a web-based system to promote better understanding of chess strategies and to provide both soft and hardcopy publishing for chess games.  The PGN format is supported for input, from which graphical and text outputs suitable for both web dis
chessig	Chess Online. Now You can play chess online using your web browser.
chesslab	Chess application for play and analyze chess games.
chesslan	A peer to peer chess application. It allows two users to battle e/a other over a LAN or WAN (needs a TCP port listening. Proper networking skills required if you are behind a firewall). Based on Gnome Chess, but re-written in C++ with a nice XML backend
chesslearning	The project is to make a site with a program to learn chess for children of 6-12 years old. The program wil run in an applet and linked to a MYSQL database. Hans Nuijen is the creator of the method how to learn the game playful.
chessmatcher	The aim of this project is to create a server application which allows multiple chess programs to play automated matches to each other. The first stage is to define a communication protocol between the chess programs and the server.
chessmngr	The goal of this project is to develop a free chess tournement managment software with advanced features.
chessmonkey	Chessmokey is a chess game with no IA involved. It&#039;s just a chessboard in which two players can play. It was developed by students of Computer Engineering at USP - São Carlos in the Computer Graphics discipline. Its was developed with OpenGL and C++
chesspresso	Chesspresso is a chess library entirely written in Java. The main focus is to deliver high-level interfaces and efficient algorithms to programmers of Java chess software.
chessrogue	ChessRogue is a turn-based game requiring careful play and problem solving skills, combining elements of Chess with the roguelike genre. You play the sole survivor of your side, fighting through 20 increasingly tough levels to capture the enemy King.
chesssrv	It&#039;s been 7 years since Mr. Nash wrote the first FICS code, this code has been improved but still contains lots of old, useless things and it&#039;s slow so I have decided to write a new one with database instead of the flat files it used and intern
chesstask	ChessTask is a frontend for easily creating chess tasks with LaTeX. The tasks are stored in a list which can be exported, either to a LaTeX input file, or to HTML files.
chesstimer	A chess clock (chess timer) in Java.  Allows users to use the computer keyboard as a chess clock.  Customizable for the total time, side where White or Black sits, name and rating/ranking of each player etc.
chesstraining	Chess Training Tools including tools for chess visualization training, analysis tree training, and opening training.
chesstree	A chess study aid that lets you keep track of the various positions and branches of a chess game. It&#039;s very useful for studying the complexities of a board situation, and for following along a game that has plenty of commentary. The goal of the proj
chesswar	ChessWar is an open-standards based Chess competition server. ChessWar&#039;s interface is exposed via WebServices so that automatic (bot) players can easily interface with the server programmatically. ChessWar defines both a server component and a gener
chessweb	Chess client/server application for playing games with human opponents over http.
chessx	A free and open source chess database application for Linux, Mac OS X and Windows.
chessxtra	ChessXtra is a script xtra for Macromedia Director that uses GnuChess as a library to play chess. We (www.theblip.com) used it previously to power our chess-playing bot, and figured the community at large could use/improve on what we&#039;ve got.
chessy	ChessY!: A Yahoo! chess game history reviewer. This is a java appliction that allows you to visually review the game histories that you can email to yourself at the end of a Yahoo! online chess game.
chessy2	Chessy is a next generation 3D chess with stunning visual and AI effects.
chester	Chester is a graphical chess client. It interfaces with various chess engines.
chestnut-dialer	Chestnut Dialer is PPP dialing program, written in Python. Chestnut Dialer may work with GTK2, QT, and without GUI (command line interface).
chet	CheT is a frontend for WordNet written in PHP. It allows you to verify single words or full sentences.
chetcpasswd	chetcpasswd is a cgi that allows the users to change its system password in /etc/passwd and/or /etc/shadow
chevalerie	Chevalerie (Knighthood) is a turn based strategic and fantasy game. All players manage their countries in different way : Economic, military, politic. The goal is to become the king of all realms by a vote of all players. So, you need the others to win !
chevrolett	The Chevrolett project tries to construct Agents based on Reinforcement Learning.
chewbah	Chewbah is a collection of utilities for OS X computer labs -- helping OS X clients play well with Open Source servers.
chewingosx	An OS X port of the popular intelligent chinese IME, &quot;chewing&quot;, originally as a module of xcin.
cheyneopool	A hockey pool management system, supporting as many styles of pools as possible.
chforums	Community Hub Blog Pages Forums
chg	Change MS Internet Explorer&#039;s security setting easily
chg-manager	A change management application to facilitate compliance with ITIL and SOX specifications.  Database and OS agnostic.  Supporting change workflow.
chg-mgmt	Request For Change is a web based change management system, implemented using ITIL process definitions and standards.  Request For Change will get your organization planning and approving changes quickly.
chgen	Championship Generator produces a list of all the meetings which must occur between the participants of a championship. It supports championships where it is necessary to consider the matches at home and away.
chgfndr	Platypus wrapped scripts to change OS X Finder to display hidden files and a script to return Finder to normal mode.
chgmp	The Ch GMP package is a Ch binding to the  GNU Multiple Precision Arithmetic C library. This file contains the instructions for creating and installing Ch GMP package. With Ch GMP, GMP library functions can run in Ch interpretively without compilation.
chgpw	The chgpw utility changes account passwords on machines across a peer-to-peer LAN. Shows how VB.NET can make interop calls to some of the Net API functions.
chgrep	program for changing oldpattern to newpattern in files
chgrps	Script to modify linux user&#039;s group memberships intuitively.
chgwphp	Common HTML GUI Widgets library for PHP that is used in every website that uses PHP and MySQL.  It may speed up production of websites.  Make coding easier.  Aid the benefit for possible RAD envionment programs.  Pop in command then change properties
chhdf52vtkflat	Command line tool for batch converting of Chombo AMR HDF5 into VTK paraview readable format for scientific visualization.
chheplo	a embedded linux based project for remote terminal units in factory automation using ethernet as protocol.
chiachat	A pure Java multithreaded text-based chat system; server, client applet and administration tools included.
chiapas	Chiapas is an enterprise level HIPAA data translation package. It supports all major healthcare transactions and a variety of SQL databases and file types, and incorporates a script parser and a GUI studio for development and maintaining specifications.
chiba	Chiba provides an Java implementation of the W3C XForms standard, thereby delivering generic, XML-based form-processing on any Java-capable platform either client- or serverside.
chibitracker	ChibiTracker is a portable &quot;Impulse Tracker&quot; compatible music sequencing application . It optimized for embedded environments.
chibre	A chibre card game simulator. Chibre (also known as Schieber) is a variant of Swiss Jass. Includes a server and two clients : human interface and IA clients.
chic-stick	Il s&#039;agit d&#039;un RPG avec des phases de combat a la street fighter, l&#039;aventure ce deroule sur une ile desert ( comme far cry ). Le jeux est en 2D, programmer en C/C++ avec SDL/Fmod. Nous acceptons quiquonque voudrai participer au projet.
chicabyte	Chicabyte! Wap Suite is intended to be an Open Source Tool for wireless access to vital web functions and informations by WML. The first step will be to create a WML client for the Meta Weblog API, more functions to follow.
chicago	This project seeks to provide a portable ANSI C library to read/write OLE 2 Compound Document Formats (libOle), and to provide a library for reading/writing the Excel file format (libXls).
chicago1925	We are going to re-develope a game, former known as Mafia on a Commodore 64. This game should run on every platform which supports SDL.
chicken-engine	[en] The Chicken Engine is a new game engine create for first person shooter game. It combine 3D, AI and Sound engine. [fr] Le Chicken Engine est un nouveau moteur de jeu pour les jeux de tire à la première personne. Il combine un moteur 3D, AI et son.
chicken-export	Chicken is an Egg format (Panda3D; http://www.panda3d.org) exporter for Blender. It supports static and armature animated objects, and interacts with Panda&#039;s own Egg processing and previewing tools. It also has advanced features like motion extracti
chickenrun	ChickenRun is a business software for stock and cash flow control.  Its goal is to create a powerful and easily extensible software that can be adapted for customers.  It has a new concept in Graphical User Interface that includes drag an drop.
chickens4linux	Chickens for Linux is a game where you shoot chickens.  There are two weapons, the Shotgun and the Rocket Launcher.  The chickens are trying to take over the world--you must stop them!  Save us!
chickenscratch	These controls are .NET controls developed using C# and which extend the functionality of the Windows common controls to support Microsoft Tablet PC ink and to improve usability with a stylus.  Ver 1 contains Menu, Label, Button, and List controls.
chickenshag2	This game is our first game. It&#039;s kind of lame and its 2D but I&#039;ve only just started programming. This version is completely free but if we ever make a 3D one it probly won&#039;t.
chicomas	ChiCoMaS - Chilek Content Management System CMS with PHP and MySQL based. Chilek CMS is web based, easy to use, user friendly, object oriented and moduler, dynamic content manager for your web sites. Integrated with TinyMCE, QuiXplorer and MysqlBackupPro
chicowebtool	A simple web content management system (CMS) that allows users to create and edit a tree structure of related web pages based on HTML templates. Check out our Demo from our Home Page.
chidiom	chidiom is a cross-platform Chinese idiom dictionary
chiel	Chiel is a network capable collaborative text editor. It is designed to allow multiple users to edit files on a host computer collaboratively. It features syntax highlighting for a number of languages, and tracks user changes by color.
chifi	Open Source wireless networking distributions for use within the ChiFi.net project including automatic configuration, setup, and authentication synchronization with the Plone web portal and NoCat AuthServ.
chihuahua	A (new), Distributed and Supercomuting ready, Component Oriented Opperating System, together with a (special) toolchain to build it. (It will run on I386 networked machines initially)
chiiai	A project to make an Open Source Artificial Intelligence program.
chikin	Chikin is meta IDE where you decide what must do. It is a simple text editor that can be transformed into which you need to develop applications by a system of Plugins.
child	A GUI built using Python 2.3+, wxPython and PyOpenGL for the mathematical modeling and visualization of landscape and streamflow systems. This visualization tool uses the Channel-Hillslope Integrated Landscape Development (CHILD) model as its backend.
childfox	Child Fox VNKIM Plug-in version 1.0
childoffire	Children of Fire is based on AD&amp;D. It will work on Windows an Linux at least. Containing computer generated world.
childofsub	A single user RPG written in Windows (32-bit)... Search out God in this epic.. In the big bang, many universes we&#039;re created parrleled to ours.. In one of these universes, the big bang created Gods.. For each God, there&#039;s an alter-ego.. For Lov
childofsun	A text-centric RPG for Windows. The unknown that created the infinate universes created gods to rule this alternate univers. A war between the gods breaks out, with Earth in the middle.. Save the universe by searching for a bible given to Truth by a Ange
children-of	A top-down shoot-em&#039;-up with hand drawn graphic and a wierd name. Very intuitive controls, originating from the game Robotron.
children-s-shop	This software is a shop simulation for chilren. They can enter their &quot;products&quot; manage them and sell them to costumers. All very easy to use. Developed for very low power computers. (My sister use it on a very old Win 95 laptop)
childrenofanger	Children Of Anger - the project, devoted russifications of scripts. / ???? ????? - ??????, ??????????? ??????????? ????????.
childsafe	ChildSafe Suite is a large collection of tools to provide protection for computers, children and provides peace of mind for parents. It allows children to use a computer without parents neading to worry. It even allows for web browsing without worry!
chilenux	This software is a match viewer for the game Hattrick (http://www.hattrick.org). The purpose is view online match from the site with automatic refresh and alerts for any event.
chilli	Open source accounting system targetting Australian small businesses
chillipal	A project to integrate PayPal payments into Chillispot login pages. Allowing users to purchase hotspot tickets online.
chillystream	ChillyStream is a source for Icecast. Using ChillyStream and Icecast will allow you to create an Internet radio station using your existing MP3 collection.  Your existing library of MP3 files is streamed randomly or using configurable playlists.
chilp	A PhotoBlog software based on an MVC-Framework und jQuery.
chimaera	aterr is a threaded forum system, allowing registered visitors to express their opinions, discuss topics, and debate with other visitors.
chimaira-xion	Xion (pronounced &quot;zaion&quot;) is a text-based serialization format of object states. Xion extends the JSON format by permitting &quot;tagged&quot; notations. This project provides an implementation of Xion in Java, including the object model, parse
chime	Chime is a smith chart calculator used for impedance matching in RF circuit design.
chimene	Create and manage chemotherapy regulations. This software allows calculation of components doses \nfor  drugs preparation.
chimera	Chimera is a content management system written in PHP and running on MySQL database. Chimera was written for small and medium websites. Features are: news, articles, downloads, guestbook and many others... And the system is multilingual.
chimeracamera	Chimera is a geotagging application which will allow a user to take pictures with a handheld device, and then have those pictures automatically geotagged and uploaded to a photo hosting service.
chimeracomic	A webcomic program written in PHP to allow the hosting of one or hundreds of webcomics using a single domain and no databases. Uses a modified GryphonStore Template Engine to allow easy setup of anyone&#039;s comic pages.
chimerafrontier	Chimera Frontier is a multi player online game that takes place in a distant area of space. The project includes the files neccessary to run both the server and client and is being developed in C# using Visual Studio 2003 .NET
chimesrv	chime is a chat server customized for corporate environments, allowing instant messaging using the Jabber(R) protocol.
chimp	CHIMP aims to provide a complete suite of tools for the investigation and modeling of chemical systems.  It currently is able to parse chemical reaction mechanisms and run kinetic Monte Carlo simulations on the reacting system.
chimpcom	A secure chat/voice com system that encrypts the data between client and server.  Useful for sensitive communications.
chimpinstall	A project to produce an open source package that can compete with the commercial installer products under Windows using the windows installer (msi files). Will support patches and upgrades.
chimpmanage	This is one of the only CMS&#039; that will let YOU make the site look exactly how you want. No using built in templates. You just use your own HTML and graphics with some simple php commands thrown in. It is ChimpManage.
chimputil	A class library for .NET that contains utility classes produced by Chimps with Keyboards.
chimpy	Chimptastic All in One Client.\n\nChat on IRC, Chat on MSN, Download Torrents, Listen to Music ... All from one App - and the beauty is, you can enable things as you want so it will never feel bloated.
chinafileshare	for China using
chinalamp	China Lamp Research Center (Linux,FreeBSD,Apache,MySQL,PostgreSQL,Python,Perl,PHP,Squid,Resin,Tomcat,JBoss) is targeted to buid a open platform about LAMP.Domain:www.onlamp.org.
chinaroller	We develop the Blog system using J2EE based on Roller.\nWe develop this blog system to be useful to Chinese.\nWe name this blog &quot;ChinaRoller&quot;.
chinchilla	Chinchilla is a software for brazilian government administration. This project is based upon a system study of Alesp (Legislative House at Sao Paulo).
chinchorin	Chinchorin is a dice game based on a mini-game from another Role Playing Game.
chincon	This is a utility to publish text with Chinese Double Byte Characters on the Web.  It can add space between Chinese characters so that the browser can break the lines.  Available in Perl and QBasic.
chinese-game	(REW) French Project (Research Encadred Work)... Chinese Games (Halma) created by students in License... Interesting by modifiable dynamicly AI and concept. Report, PPT, API and Install included...
chinese-stroke	Animated Chinese character strokes.
chinesebiblesrc	Standardized online Chinese Union Bible source and provid tools and specification to manage the file
chinesecardgame	This project is intended to implement various Chinese daily-playing multiplayer card games on Linux. It consists of the card table, rule judger, and human/AI clients. Extensibility and AI strategy are the main consideration.
chinesechese	It is a Chiese chess game, using GTK+-2.0. I write this for playing it with my remote friend. Not supportting one player vs computer. I hope that it is useful.
chinesechess	A Chinese chess Java Applet using alpha-beta game algorithm. The code can be easily used to program other chess game by changing the chess rules.
chinesepoems	ChinesePoems is a tool to help you to read Chinese poems, or to look up some lines among all the poems.  You can also use it to exchange your poems collection with you friends.
chinesepython	ChinesePython is a translation of Python scripting language itself into chinese. Not only the variable names, user messages/warnings/prompts but most notably, the reserved keywords and builtin types.
chinesetopo	More than 10000 Xiao Zhuan character images scanned, and relationship between characters are saved in a xml file, available for further analysis and correction. Used an experimental java application to show the topology graph of the chinese characters.
chineseutils	Utility for Simp/Trad Chinese translation.
chingford	A method for binding .Net web controls to SQL statements using design patterns
chinook	SVG export script for powerpoint. You create a diagram using powerpoint&#039;s shapes, text boxes, drawing tools, etc. Then you run export_to_svg (a macro) and bingo you have an SVG fragment that you can view in your favourite browser.
chinookide	Chinook Developer Studio is a multi-platform C/C++ integrated development environment. Chinook provides a consistent environment across all platforms which enables developers to quickly build, test and deliver high performance applications.
chinvoc	ChinVoc is a vocabulary trainer for learning Chinese. One can input word lists containing Chinese signs, Latin transcription (Pinyin), and the English translation. ChinVoc can be used to train the word lists in various ways.
chios	A full 32-bit real time operating system for x86 architectures
chip	Various and sundry scripts and modules.
chipcd	If you need an interface designed in KDE for the ChipCD, this is for you.
chipchat	Chipchat is web chat program written in java language. It is web application and need web server such as Tomcat. By using &quot;Applet&quot; for conecting to server, it is not need to install any program in client.
chipcluster	The CHIP Cluster Generator attempts to create spatio-temporal cluster data in an automated fashion to help evaluate epidemic detection software.  The spatio-temporal data will then be used to determine robustness of spatial detection algorithms.
chipcompany	We develop a game, where the player manages a simulated chip company. He will be responsible for general management, research &amp; development, finance, sales, marketing and more.
chipmark	Chipmark is an online bookmark manager that allows you to access your bookmarks from any computer through the use of Firefox and Internet Explorer browser extensions and the Chipmark website.
chipotle-perl	ChIPOTle is a peak-finding algorithm used to analyze ChIP-chip microarray data
chipspy	Internal logic analyzer for FPGA
chipvault	ChipVault is a project organizer for VHDL and Verilog RTL hardware designs. It provides rapid hierarchy navigation and includes Revision Control and hooks to launching external tools. ChipVault is written in Perl and is small, fast and efficient.
chiqchaq	A friendly wiki clone for non-technical users and easy localization. Uses configurable locale and page skins that you can edit to localize. Existing skins include English, German, and Hebrew. Works out-of-the-box, including default content (help, etc.).
chires	This project provides pluggable monitoring capabilities by tying together runtime aspect oriented code weaving with the JMX monitoring standard. It provides the ability to remotely monitor any facet of your existing Java application without code changes.
chironcalendar	minimalistic webcalendar to manage plannings of several people or projects in one page. requires PHP/MySQL.
chirp	Chirp is a companion program to Cricket - a network monitoring tool written by Jeff Allen of WebTV - designed to help automate the task of producing and maintaining configuration files for Cricket.
chirpy	Finally, a decent free quote management system, to keep track of all those controversial citations by IRC friends and foes.
chiru	An offline browsing solution with features such as automatic download based on preference, archiever for websites, ...
chisel	A simple language for the metaverse, currently implemented in the Linden Scripting Language.
chisel-cache	Chisel is a semantic cache for Java.  It speeds up database queries and remote method calls.  It calculates which parts of a query can&#039;t be answered from the cache, and poses a smaller query (or queries) to obtain only those data from the source.
chiselgroup	The SHriMP suite of 3 tools provide interactive visualizations of graph-based data. Creole (Eclipse plugin) visualizes Java source code. Jambalaya (Protege plugin) visualizes ontologies (incl. OWL), &amp; Stand-Alone SHriMP visualizes RSF, GXL, &amp; PPR
chit	This is a client for Yahoo Chat, coded in REALbasic for MacOS X
chitanie	Russian text-to-speech program.
chitchat	a simple chat program in java
chithram	chithram is a photo gallery based on php . It contains a good AJAX interface and good support for verity of image files. Some simple photo editing features are also provided
chitra-katha	ChitraKatha (Sanskrit for Story through pictures) is a Viewer for Compressed comic-book archives for Linux- Similar to CDisplay in windows. It currently supports comics in .CBR and .CBZ formats, and can be extended with the use of plugins.
chivas	Chivas Is (a) Vov ASsembler. It is a virtual machine and assembler emulator for a didactical machine called VOV. It is written in GNU C, Bison and Flex and provides useful didactical aids to computer science first year students and amateurs in general.
chive	CHIVE provides an extensible framework on top of which software visualisation tool researchers can quickly develop tools that take advantage of the 3-Dimensional graph representations inbuilt in the framework or extend them to suit their own requirements
chix	Chix is an implementation of the Chikka client/protocol for Linux.
chiyo	chiyo is a Direct Connect client for GNOME 2, written in C, completely self contained, and aims to reasonably clone the interface of DC++.
chjpeg	Ch JPEG 1.0 is the Ch binding to the JPEG C library version 6b. Ch JPEG enables all functions in the JPEG library for use in Ch. With Ch JPEG, these functions can run in Ch interpretively without compilation.
chklinks	chklinks is a perl link checker.  It does not use multithread or simutanuous connections which may use up system resources and crash your system.  And it is working.
chkpasswd-ldap	Implementation of checkpassword-compatible LDAP authentication program. Details on &quot;checkpassword&quot; interface are available at http://cr.yp.to/checkpwd.html
chkproc	Chkproc is a simple, perlbased, process checker for FreebSD, Linux and Solaris who can check processes and restart them with your own scripts, check your filesystem for usage, send warnings per email and logs every thing through your syslogd.
chksumlib	This library contains functions to calculate hash values and checkdigits like Adler, MD5 and much more. Over 30 different hash codes, checkdigits and barcodes will be supported.
chlandingpages	Community Hub Landing Pages
chlcare	CHLCare is a web-based Electronic Health Record (EHR) system for primary care Safety Net clinics, architected to share a common database of patients across multiple, independent clinics.  Includes Appointment Calendar, easy ICD9 and CPT capture, etc.
chldap	The Ch LDAP package for OpenLDAP is an open source binding to the OpenLDAP library. Ch LDAP enables all functions in the OpenLDAP library for use in Ch. With Ch LDAP, these functions can run in Ch interpretively without compilation.
chlenomer	Funny sensors:) Allow you to saw your virtual penises, based on different system characteristics (uptime, memory size etc). Maybe GUI will added in future.
chloe	Chloe - a chatterbot with charisma. Learns from experience, and speaks any language you teach her. Perhaps even useful, but surely entertaining.
chlor	An Open Source Vector Graphics Editor for Apple Mac OS X.
chloroform	chloroForm is a simple, XML-based PHP form automation class providing entry method rendering, easy and flexible data validation and simple data binding to mysql records
chm	The VirtualHockey Internet Platform is the base for an ice hockey based strategy (multi-player) game offered on the web. It is based on the principle of goal-seeding and simulates entire hockey seasons in different countries.
chm4linux	It&#039;s GNU project for viewing *.chm files.Programming language - C, OS  - Linux , GUI  - GTK+
chmo	PC HMO Server for TiVo
chmox	A viewer for Microsoft Help &quot;CHM&quot; (aka Compiled HTML) files on Mac OS X 10.3 using Cocoa, WebKit and chmlib.
chmpane	CHMPane is a Java program to process compiled html (.chm) files. It has a stream based API for accessing CHM file content and provides a GUI to navigate and view the content.
chmporter	CHMporter is an CHM importer for Spotlight. It use Chmlib to get the text inside every CHM files and index it.
chmreader	CHM Reader is a Firefox extension that make Compiled HTML Files can be viewed with Firefox directly.
chms-vandy	The project is to design and develop a universal as possible interface that will manage robots on teams performing tasks that is scalable to 100s of robots and from only camera to a suite of sensors.
chmservices	Bots P10 para IRC con soporte de base de datos MySQL. Programados en Perl. Sistema operativo Linux
chmsn	An MSN Client for GNOME written in C# using Mono and Gtk#. Currently in early development, implementing about 50% of MSNP8. Some preliminary work on webcam support has also been completed.
chmviewer	a program to display windows help file(.chm)
chmxml	The Ch Mini XML package is a Ch binding to the Mini XML C library. This file contains the instructions for creating and installing Ch Mini XML package. With Ch Mini XML, Mini XML library functions can run in Ch interpretively without compilation.
chn	Creation of a cyberpunk MMORPG based on Stephenson, and Gibson novels. Includes both real-world and online environments, full charecter generation, and the ability for users to expand the world.
chnidaq	ChNIDAQ allows user programs to use the NI-DAQ C library and run interpretively without compilation. It is an ideal solution for teaching and learning data acquisition, prototyping, and web-based remote data acquisition.
chnimotion	ChNIMotion allows user programs to use the FlexMotion C library and run on the fly without compilation. It&#039;s an ideal solution for teaching and learning motion control, rapid prototyping, interactive motion control, and Web-based remote motion contr
chnos	Operating systerm for chnos
chobits	The Chobit Projects is an online game client, server, emulator engine development team based on Win32 systems programming.
choco	choco: a java library for constraint satisfaction problems (CSP), constraint programming (CP) and explanation-based constraint solving (e-CP).
chocolate	Administrative interface and tools for website management, based in XML and PHP
chocolate-doom	Chocolate Doom is a port of the Doom source code which is designed to act as identically as possible to the original Doom executables.
chocolatebox	The ChocolateBox Project is an open-source library developed to provide high-quality functionality and controls for the Microsoft .NET framework.
chocotree	We provide here a tree constraint for the Choco (choco.sourceforge.net) Constraint Programming Solver.
chogabot	ChogaBot is a GUI-centric IRC bot written in Java. Performs all standard channel maintenance and protection operations that one would expect. Features (so far) include fine-tuned configuration on a per channel basis, logging, and a plugin architecture.
choiceadventur	Choice Adventure is simple but advanced tool that lets you create adventures of your dreams.
choiceofsuccess	The Choice of Success project is devoted to building Web 2.0 applications for use on the Choice of Success website (yet to be formally named). The software shall be developed so that can be incorporated into other web projects easily.
choix-ecn	Projet de création d&#039;application de gestion des choix à l&#039;école Centrale Nantes
cholmod-wrapper	CholmodWrapper is a simple wrapper of SuiteSparse&#039;s CHOLMOD, which is among the fastest freely available sparse Cholesky factorization packages.
chomm	CHOMM is a clone of the Heroes of Might and Magic games  using SDL/OpenGL.
chomp-mac	CHOMP is a Higher-Order Messaging implementation for Cocoa which does not require any additional libraries and is easy to use. It allows the near-total elimination of NSEnumerator from code, and simplifies many methods which take selectors as arguments.
chomp3	CHOMP3 is a web based media player. Using DHTML, FLASH and XML it enables web developper to easilly integrate music and playlist in their web sites. CHOMP actually stands for &quot;Cooperative Hyperlinking Media Protocol&quot;, which is the playlist/coll
chook	Pluginable tool for interaction with system events.
choom	Choom the ipables admin tool is dead, long live Choom the general purpose ticketing system.
choonml	A markup and data format for remixable music files, providing an open alternative to formats such as U-Myx and Umixit. A toolkit is now available with file conversions.
choosefont	Choosefont is a font manager written to give you the chance to fast find the font you need if you have a massive amount of them. If you have a big amount of fonts, choosefont might be something for you.
chop	A program to segment files into customizable smaller sections/parts for easier transfer.
chopenal	Ch OpenAL Package allows OpenAL applications runs in Ch windows platform without compilation. Ch OpenAl Package includes the source code for building the binding to OpenAL
chopper	Graphical viewers for Java logging messages, accepting events sent from both Log4J and JSR147 (java.util.logging). The main aim is to be lightweight, flexible and robust.
chopperduel	A a free port of old ChopperDuel game.
chopshop	ChopShop is an open community of driving simulation developers and researchers. Share code and information about vehicle dynamics, driver AI, and other topics related to driving simulations.
chorallib	Choral Lib is a catalog of choral scores with graphical interface. Written in C++, available for Linux and Windows. Choral Lib gives an ID for each score, permits to add multiply number of items. Each parts of catalog can be password protected.
choralmusiclib	PHP Choral Music Library is an application written in PHP and using MySQL to help musicians create and maintain a library of sheet music. It has multiple language support and supports a library which exists as a group of separate collections.
choralphp	Organising: [members, dates (calendar), repertoire, addresses, news, discussion, payment, ordering (tickets, CDs etc)] a choir from the web. Keeping everybody informed without the hassle of calling them all... I will try to keep the general enough to cov
chord	This is an Java implentation of an object oriented extension to DCHR (constraint handling rules with disjunctions) including eclipse Plug-in, CHR-Java compiler and reasoning explaining components.
chord-master	Chord Master contains all the major, minor, and major 7 chords for guitar. It doesn&#039;t look beautiful, but is a simple, easy to use program that will help out a ton when you&#039;re figuring out your favorite song or even writing a new one.
chordcast	ChordCast is a chord editor written in Java (swing). It uses an XML format to save chord sheets to files. Chordcast can also export to HTML files using PNG images for chords. It requires J2RE 1.4 to run.
chorddb	This is a database front-end for keeping track of chord files (a.k.a. fake sheets).  It accepts chord and chordpro files as inputs, and creates output sets in a large variety of formats (pdf, text, chordpro, latex).
chorderator	This is an algorithmic chord generator for stringed, fretted musical instruments.  It&#039;s design allows it to be used for finding chords in a number of different tunings on many different instruments.
chordeus	Chordeus is yet another Chord Pro to PDF converter that creates nice looking guitar chord sheets. You can create single sheets or a whole songbook using the command line tool or a simple wizard-like GUI.
chordinator	Online church worship team management software, includes tools for song, member, and set management.
chordpda	ChordPDA is a Windows Mobile application that displays 6 string Guitar chords on a fingerboard. Users can select to load individual chord files for each note. There are 904 chords initially and user may add it by editing the XML database easily.
chordrecognizer	PyChoReLib -- Python Chord Recognition Library
chords	MIDI playback and sheet music editor.  Oriented for guitars, it shows chord and scale diagrams.  It also allows adding chords and scales to sheet music.  It supports multiple track playback, and it will support printing, and playback from .dls files.
chordsheet	Generate great-looking guitar chord sheets
chordtester	ChordTester is a simple cross-platform program written in C++ to test your knowledge of musical chords, by providing the ability to randomly generate chords and then display the component notes of the chord and play it through MIDI.
chordtheory	Project to aid musicians in the learning of chord theory ~ build up your knowledge of the workings of chords by following a training schedule. Learn the chords in the order you want, or by following a set schedule.
choroware	ChoroWare: A Cartographic Tool for Multicriteria Choropleth Mapping
chorus	The Chorus Project aims to become the de-facto standard peer-to-peer (P2P) networking suite. It already includes modules for name resolution, keyword based file sharing, and public forums. The Chorus Project is free, scalable, and includes no spyware.
chorus-wcms	Chorus WebCMS makes it possible for a group of people to collaboratively maintain a website. Site administrators can delegate resposibility for various parts of a website to any person, or group of people.
chos	Choose-OS bootloader. This is an old bootloader. If anyone wants to adopt this project, please notify me.
chosen-warrior	i will be creating a Video Game based on a friend&#039;s idea. all levels and graphics will be rendered using 3D software.
chotis-cms	Primary a spanish, multilingual fork of Mambo Server. Addionaly development of new modules as needed.
chouprod	&quot;PokDTC&quot; is a free Poker Texas Hold&#039;em Pot/No/Limit Multiplayers simulation written in C#. You can play over the net against friends or virtual players. Chat included. High score online at http:/chouprod.sourceforge.net . Voices. Speaker.
chouxiang	ChouXiang is an abstract shooting game. It is operating system independent, and the source release requires Python (http://www.python.org) and Pygame (http://www.pygame.org). A Windows binary that requires no other software is available.
chowntask	An Ant task for changing the ownership of files on Unix.
chparted	GNU parted manual(Chinese)
chpng	The Ch PNG package is a Ch interface to the PNG C library. Ch PNG enables all functions in the PNG library to run in Ch interpretively without compilation. It is ideal for teaching and learning PNG file manipulation programming.
chptreekeeper	A Windows XP application for automated ciphered backups developed under c#
chris	Commodity Hardware Replicated iSCSI SAN
christ-os	The goal of the Christ-OS project is to create a real time micro kernel operating system with a preemptive kernel for embedded systems.
christerbator	Christerbator is a command-line program that converts images into very large images (in pdf format) that can be printed on regular-sized pieces of paper. This is a java port of the C# version of The Rasterbator from http://arje.net/rasterbator.
christiangame	This project exists as a place for various projects that I am working on which are GPL&#039;d. Please feel free to join in on this projects and enjoy them.
christine	This is Christine a new Python, GTK+, GStreamer bassed media player. Is intended to be beautyful, usefull and fat free.
chrolog	user-level library that provides faster and more accurate version of gettimeofday() with extra features
chroma	Chroma is a layer-centric game engine that uses an XML-like scripting language (DEML) and is built atop the Simple DirectMedia Layer (SDL).
chromeportal	An open source Web Portal Framework / Content Management System using ASP.NET and Mono, written in Chrome. Database support includes Oracle, Firebird, NexusDB, Microsoft SQL Server and others.
chromies	Round based, noninteractive, ai-scriptable strategic game. Players can make ai-scripts for vehicles (tank, jeep...), and the system play the game with scripts. AI-script can write in JavaScript. The game has a pure functional graphics.
chromium	Chromium is a flexible framework for scalable real-time rendering on clusters of workstations, derived from the Stanford WireGL project  code base.
chromium-bsu	Chromium B.S.U. is a fast paced, arcade-style, top-scrolling shooter. It uses OpenGL for graphics, and OpenAL for sound effects.
chromium2	Chromium B.S.U. 2: Second Strike is designed to be the sequel to Chromium B.S.U.  The storyline picks up where Chromium B.S.U. left off. There are plans to add more levels, weapons, and enemies amongst other modifications. The entire game is enhanced.
chromiumds	chromiumds is a NDS(Nintendo DS) game, it is a port of the famous game chromium B.S.U. It is a fast paced, arcade-style, top-scrolling space shooter.
chronic	Chronic is a constraints-based, opportunistic, application level scheduler in the spirit of cron.
chronic2005os	The &quot;Chronic 2005 Open Source- DopeWars Reinvented&quot; is designed to bring DopeWars back to the community by offering PHP based scripts and addons under the name of &quot;Chronic Universe&quot;.
chronicj	ChronicJ is a suite of time-related developer tools including a recurring booking agent, web-based calendaring, and a project iteration planner that can be deployed individually or together using a lightweight, component-based framework.
chronicles	Church information management database system API, written in Python and MySQL.  Purpose is to provide free, simple to use API backend on which to develop software for church use.
chronicles2000	Store journal, book and standards information. Add members so that you can lend books to them and have reports giving you upto date information about your library status. Ideal for schools and colleges.
chronictv	ChronicTV is a collection of shell and php scripts that manages ffmpeg and xawtv to create a web based TV studio.  You can stream live content, archived movies, change channels, and inputs on capture card. PostNuke module included.
chrono	Chrono is a PHP/MySQL driven interface intended for software development teams to have a standard, integrated way to record information about how much time they spend on each project they are working on.
chrono-stats	Chrono-Stats is a Half-Life:Counter-Strike log parser. What makes it unique from any other, is the built in web panel. It lets you update stats, configurations, and the look of your stats, all through a web based admin panel.
chronobius	A base framework for information systems under loosely networked enviornment. Each individual has his own information system with all data at local and a non-realtime communication protocol is used for peers to collaborate.
chronogears	Chronogears is an interactive, sprite-based animation system written in 100% Java. Chronogears makes used of Graphics 2D technology. The ultimate goal of Chronogears is to allow non-programmer to create high performance, interactive, complex video games
chronomaster	A reverse engineered remake of the SNES game Chrono Trigger, complete with a designer studio for creating new Chrono-Trigger-like games.
chronometer	Java Chronometer is a Java class with the functionality of a real chronometer, allowing to mark and to measure the time consumed by parts of codes in other classes, for performance testes or for other purposes.
chronorename	This command renames a file according to its time of last modification or, if the file contains EXIF information, according to the time the image was created. The time may be augmented and formatted in any number of ways to form the new name of the file.
chronos	This web based application help managing sports events and particulary timing parts.
chronosatellite	Chrono Satelite is a Microsoft.NET based time tracking utility closely integrated with the open source project management software dotProject. Chrono Satellite will run as a detached client application that regularly updates dotProject&#039;s task logs.
chronoscope	Chronoscope is an open-source code profiling tool for Mac OS, that provides a real-time view of program execution, call stack, and thread state. It consists of a data collection library that is linked with the instrumented code, and a viewer application.
chronosmud	???, ?????-?? ????????? ?????? ?????, ????????, ?????????? ?? ???? ???????????. ????? ????????? ???? ?????? ??????????...
chronoss	Chronos is a web agenda that runs on mod_perl and MySQL. It is fast, featureful and not ugly.
chronosxp	ChronosXP is a planetary hours astrology program for Windows.  It runs from the system tray where it displays a glyph corresponding to the current planetary hour.  Planetary hours/days can also be viewed for any given time or location.
chronotivity	Chronotivity keeps track of time on running events (age, countdown, cycles, task sequences...)
chronus	Chronus is an user-friendly object persistance layer for Java. It supplants the need for any database setup or SQL statements. Futhermore Chronus is designed to work without the need for any user configuration or XML descriptor files. Zero setup time
chroonos	Chroonos is a JAVA solution for content managment and search capabilities for the enterprises. It proposes an exstensible framework and a portal for administration, inspection and search. It&#039;s based on Lucene and JetSpeed.
chroot	Webchroot is package of scripts to create chroot services ex. http, ftp.
chroot-jail	new commands to add users: useraddchroot and userdelchroot.  add and remove inside a chroot-jail. restrict users, keep intergrity of machine safe.
chroot-suexec	heavy modification of apache&#039;s suexec to enforce chroot and resource limits.
chrootbin	Chrootbin is a tool which will help you make basic a chroot environment. It lets you skip the boring parts of making a chroot from scratch. It also helps you to install any other executables like strace or find.
chrooter	PERL script to create directory scructures that can be chrooted for the use of chrooting apache and other servers and chrooted enviornments for shell users.
chrootmaker	This is a small utility to create the basic chroot environment (coreutils &amp; ssh support) for a new user account. Being a simple Bash script it is easily configurable and it should work on any Linux distribution.
chrtai	The Ch RTAI package is a Ch interface to the Realtime Application Interface (RTAI) for Linux. Ch RTAI enables users to run their real-time applications, which communicate with loaded real-time task modules, interpretively without compilation under RTAI.
chruid	chruid is a small but flexible replacement for a chroot + su kombo. i wrote it because i was in the need to chroot processes and having them run under a non-privileged uid/gid without having to install su (which would include pam, nss, ... overhead on so
chrysalis	We have abandonned work on this framework in favor of using JSF. Though JSF is not perfect, it is close enough to Chrysalis for our purpose, and has the advantage of being a standard with major industry support.
chrysalis-orm	Lightweight yet powerful Java/XML Object Relational Mapping facility
chrysanthemums	A CMS aimed at clubs and/or groups with related interests who need to be able to share information, contact each other, and have a centralized meeting place on the web.
chrysaor	A package simplifying and speeding the converting process of video files. At long term it would be able to convert any video format to another. Written in VB.NET.
chryzodus	Chryzodus is a chryzode renderer using Allegro graphics library. Chryzodes are mathematically rendered images which are graphical representations of mathematical operations and relations between numbers. This is a proof maths can be incredibly beautiful 
chscite	ChSciTE is an IDE for C/C++ interpreter Ch. It can edit, parse and run C, Ch and C++ scripts. It can be easy to learn C with ChSciTE. Ch can be used for scripting, shell programming, 2D/3D plotting numerical computing and embedded scripting.
chsdet	Library for automatic charset detection of a given text or file. Input buffer will be analysed to guess used encoding. The result (charset name or code page id) can be used as control parameter for charset conversation. Make your programs Unicode aware!
chsdl	The Ch SDL package is a Ch interface to the SDL C library. Ch SDL enables all functions in the SDL library to run in Ch interpretively without compilation. It is ideal for new programmers learning SDL.
chsh	Simple shellscript for chatting on a local multiuser computer.
chsid	Change The Security Identifier for NT/2000/XP
chsite	Productivity software for a website for personal chefs.  Uses Apache Velocity/Tomcat Servlets/MySQL.
chsm	CHSM is a language system for specifying concurrent, hierarchical, finite state machines (an implementation of &quot;statecharts&quot;) to model and control reactive systems.
chsqlite	The Ch SQLite package is a Ch interface to the SQLite C library. Ch SQLite enables all functions in the SQLite library to run in Ch interpretively without compilation. It is ideal for new programmers learning or requiring SQLite database manipulation.
chtiff	ChTIFF is the Ch binding to the Tag Image File Format (TIFF) C library.  ChTIFF enables all functions in the TIFF library for use in Ch.  With ChTIFF, these functions can run in Ch interpretively without compilation.
chtmlexport	CustomHTMLExport is designed to be an easily extensible, easy-to-use HTML exporter for iPhoto.
chttpclient	Highly portable API written in C that implements the client side of the HTTP 1.1 Protocol as Defined in RFC 2616,2617. Can be easily ported to any platform that supports standard C calls and Berkeley sockets.
chubel	my information store
chucho	Papalango is a open source financial software, based on Grammin bussines logic.
chuck	http://chuck.cs.princeton.edu/ --- ChucK is a new programming language for real-time audio synthesis, composition, and performance.  It supports concurrency, powerful/precise control over time, and the ability to add, remove, and modify code, on-the-fly.
chucky	A multimedia application written in C# that allows users to save and automatically archive internet radio broadcasts.
chulak	Xsite is a modular, standards-focused, XML-based content publishing system and templating engine written in C and built around libxml.
chuletas	Chuletas es un programa que, como su propio nombre indica, se utiliza para realizar chuletas o anotaciones para los exámenes. Posee múltiples características, tales como compresión de texto, marcado de palabras clave, fómulas matemáticas,...
chun2	Image files controller system based on Subversion or CVS or Samba.\n(using Ruby on Rails)
chungles	Chungles provides easy file sharing amongst computers on a local network with zeroconf for node discovery.
chunker	A big file chuncker for commandline nerds of any OS&#039; religion
chunkfile	ChunkFile.NET is a library prividing memory-like management for files. Basicly, it just gives you three methods: alloc, realloc and free which work on file not memory.
chupix	Chupix is an CMS written in PHP. Everybody can use it. It&#039;s simple to install because he use text file. No library or program is needed, only one web server (Apache, ...) and PHP Parser (v 3+). Chupix is using for publishing article.
churchcalendar	Main target of the project is to create ASP.NET based web calendar which can handle also resource and location reservation. Project will be written in C# language. Web calendar will include password protected admin pages and public views.
churchcms	ChurchCMS is the software to place on your church&#039;s website that is easily managed, self-intuitive, yet expandable via our module library.  Included features are: announcements, calendar, prayer requests manager, and help wanted manager.
churchcode	ChurchCode is a content management system that allows churches to administer events through PHP/MySQL.  Visitors and staff members can also register for events, which can then be viewed by administrators on a web page, or on an Excel Spreadsheet.
churchdirectory	Web based church membership directory
churchinfo	ChurchInfo is a free church database network application written in PHP/MySQL. This membership and management database is designed specifically to help automate the operation of a church. It has features to track members, families, groups, donations, etc
churchlib	Korean Church Library Book Tracker
churchmis	Church members address book
churchoffice	This is a fork of the original php / mysql infocentral program with added focus on finance and other church management features.
churchofficemgm	Church Office Management (COM) is the easiest way for your office to manage the details of the family members in your church. Keep track of all of your families, sacraments, pledges, and know who is involved.
churchonswing	This project is intended to be a front end for church software.  It its written in Java using Swing as the GUI.  The project doesn&#039;t provide any business logic as it is intended to be an example of what Swing can do for Churches.  So it only contain
churchsite	ChurchSite is a website engine, that has the following features, Localization, Modular content management, cacheing, compression, and easy administation.The primary design is for websites that are mostly static in nature but not always.
churchsoft	ChurchSoft OpenLetter is a CMS specifically designed for churches. We are by no means a religious group; we simply want to aid the improvement of the many church web sites on the Internet. Since most churches use similar software, a mandate is apparent.
churchwebsite	The &#039;Church Website in a Box&#039; is a MySQL/PHP content management system designed to be easily deployed and used by any church.  All content management and configuration can be done using a web browser.  It is an integration of many other project
churn	Embedded churn will provide developers the freedom to configure an embedded system for any target architecture from a defined template . The ability to deploy the custom image on a flash based device  depending on the application of the embedded linux de
chutabs	Flexible debate tournament tabulation software and framework.
chutor	Learning Chinese?  Practise characters on your Java phone!  Like flashcards but better, because chutor helps you concentrate on the ones you&#039;re getting wrong.
ci-linux	This project is developing a common infrastructure for Linux clustering by extending the CLuster Membership Subsystem (&quot;CLMS&quot;) and Internode Communication Subsystem (&quot;ICS&quot;) of the OpenSSI project.
cia-arc	A new-gen compression alghorithm which uses byte sorting/indexing and DLL-importable post-sorting compression alghorithms like RAR, KGB etc.
ciac	CIAC (CIAC Is Another Calculator) is a calculator that resembles Matlab. It is intended to eventually perform matrix and vector operations, but can currently perform basic arithmetic with many functions such as sines, logarithms, and exponentials.
ciadesktop	Network Security Monitoring done the easy way. Manage Snort rules, Nessus results as well as review alerts and co-relate them.
ciaerp	CIA (Controle Integrado Administrativo) é um Planejador de Recursos Empresariais (ERP). Através de um modelo abstrato é possível alta disponibilidade, escalabilidade, segurança, padronização, especificação e personalização, à um baixo custo.
ciamos	Ciamos is a Content Management System based on the popular E-Xoops CMS. Is is designed to be robust, effective and simple to use. Ciamos is intended for personal or organisational use where the priority is to get content presented simply and quickly.
ciamosmodules	Providing a hub for the development of modules for the Ciamos CMS, including the porting of existing modules developed for other CMS(s). Modules developed here are intended to be consistent with the Ciamos core code and to use Ciamos core functions.
cianuro	CMS with a difference. This will incorporate the best of all ASP, PHP and JAVA CMS solutions in one.
ciao	The HSR SE Team
ciberia	Ciberia is a free blog aggregator, or Content Federator as we like to say, that allows anyone to create a &quot;Ciberpunk.com style&quot; site in just five minutes. You only need to have PHP installed on your server and change the appearance with CSS.
ciberkuentas2	CiberKuentas 2 is a ciber-cafe manager, whith a lot a functions 100% pure Java code.
cibertec	That&#039;s an academic project. About an intranet for teachers of Cibertec in Lima Peru. Java and JavaScript are using of.
cibertotaladmin	Software developed for cafe internet control, stock control, computers rental and other products selling.
cic	The Crappy IRC Client knows that &quot;All IRC clients suck. This one just sucks more.&quot;  If you lower your standards enough, using this client may not drive you to suicide.
cicaia	Cicaica is a Java Hattrick Assistant manager.
cicb	A color text-only client for the icb chat protocol (see www.icb.net), written in C. Includes a built-in limited TCL interpreter for user-defined chat macros.
cicc-grid	Source code for the Chemical Informatics and Cyberinfrastructure Collaboratory project.
cicero	cicero is an auxiliary tool for publishers (esp. journalists) suffering from arbitrary political reprisals in their daily work that violate basic constitutional rights.
cicerone	Cicerone is a multi-platform, multi-server, multi-database, web-based corporate information system like no other. Completely web-driven and accessible through any 4.x web browser, Cicerone allows your company to create and maintain information on the fly
ciclope	Ciclope (CRM Entity Viewer) is a tool to browse CRM entity of Microsoft CRM 3.0, through CRM webservice
ciclopes	NMS - CICLOPES : Monitoramento de Sevidores, utilizando Interface WEB PHP+SNMP.\nEsse projeto é o protótipo desenvolvido para defesa de Trabalho de Conclusão de Curso.
cico	A Java client/server file transfer application framework featuring pluggable back-ends and protocols, and a web-deployable full GUI client.
cicq	cICQ is a VB6 class that acts as an ICQ client. it supports sending and receiving messages, send SMS messages, maintaining the buddy list, reading away messages, and searching for users. in the future it will support all other ICQ services.
cicqc	?????????????????? ICQ ?????? ?? Java
cid	Cid - a collection of scripts to capture callerid data and email selected results to your pager / cell phone. Includes wish script to display all calls in X gui.
cidc	The Cumulative Include Dependency Checker will help you measure the quality of the include hierarchy in a software project.  It will also attempt to identify problem header files that have the most impact on your include hierarchy.
cide	A role playing game engine in Java along with necessary design tools to allow even beginner game designers to start into the world of game development and design.  Based loosely on early Final Fantasy engines with enchancements.
cidee	cIDEE is a C++ and ANSI C programming environment designed to satisfy the pedagogical requirements of first-year C++ and ANSI C computer science and computer engineering courses.
cidentd	The Custom Ident Daemon allows users to specify a custom response to ident queries without requiring the daemon being restarted.  The response can be customized on a per user basis, sending the name, uid, or &quot;fake&quot; response.
cidentity	The Collective Idenitity Project&#039;s goal is to build a p2p infrastructure aimed at fostering true community thinking.  Largely text based, and peer reviewed, this software is an experiment to find a social convergence on a wide range of topics.
cider	Cider is a respository for first class Java Swing frameworks written for Mac OS X.
ciderpress	A utility for managing Apple II file archives and disk images.
cidev	CIDEV is crossplatform C/C++ Integrated Development Environment. Support GCC, MSVC and BCC compilers. Based on fox-toolkit library.
cidlib	CIDLib is a comprehensive, portable C++ development framework. It is currently available for NT/VC++ and Linux/Kai++. The current version provides ~350 classes, mostly back end oriented.
cidrmerge	The program implements the CIDR merging with whitelisting (network exclusion). Output will be summarized to be as small as possible. The program has been widely used for blacklist merge and optimization.
cids	cIDS is an intrusion detection system based not on packet pattern recognition, but on actual detection of remote logins, call for shells, and changes to certain files.
cids-toolkit	cids (component integration toolkit for distributed systems) is a toolkit to build and maintain distributed information systems. with cids one can easily build complex distributed metainformation or EAI systems. cids is fully platform-independent.
cidserver	A suite of programs for collecting, storing, and distributing incoming caller ID information.  All applications communicate through an XML-based, openly-defined protocol.  Supports notification of users when calls arrive, and historical storage of incomi
ciel-travel	ciel-travel is a Ruby on Rails based travel blogging engine. ciel-travel provides a solid framework to post blog entries, visualize your current &amp; prospective travel plans, receive comments / feedback from friends and family, etc...
cielespace	This package is a collection of all Celestia add-ons required to work with the scripts available at cielespace.org website.
cierusrpg	The Cierus Project is designed to bring the feel of console MMORPGs to the browser. This allows single development across multiple platforms. Users can adventure together, fight and travel all across the internet browser.
cietransform	A GUI and library to manipulate images in order to adjust the placement and type of the light sources.
cif-ccv	This Project ist developing a Java Applet, that allows visualising the components in a CORBA Component Server. The visualisation is realised in relation to a project at the Institute for Computer Science at Humboldt-University Berlin.
cif2mmcif	The purpose of the CIF2mmCIF project is to convert CIF files into MMCIF files.
cif2tribes	&quot;cif2tribes&quot; is a console-based tool for converting integrated circuit layouts into maps usable in the game Tribes 2, as a 3D visualization aid. The project code is modular enough to be easily extended to different game engines and input file f
cigi	Software libraries and tools designed for implementation and testing of the Common Image Generator Interface (CIGI), an interface for communication between an image generator and host device in simulations.
cigmas	Cigmas is a development content portal which is completed customized and has a whole slew of options that can be added/removed.  Cigmas can also connect to our central server for realtime information.
cigol	Cigol (logic, spelled backwards) is a deductive logic solver. It can be embedded inside a parent program or used from the command line. It has absolutely no relationship to Tom Mitchell&#039;s book on Machine Learning.
cih-with-bt	CIHwBT is a Bluetooth Security Framework for Windows Mobile 2005. Currently it only support some bluetooth exploits and tools like BlueSnarf, BlueJack, and some DoS attacks. It is intended to work with any pocketpc with Microsoft Bluetooth Stack.
ciisesec	Concordia&#039;s CIISE security code investigation initiative for applied research in topics of Cryptography, Cryptographic Protocols and Network Security, and Security of Operating Systems for the corresponding courses taught at CIISE.
cijac	Cijac is distributed configuration tool for *nix administrators. Cijac allows configurations, updates, and changes to be made to a central server and then distributed over the network to all clients.
cil	CIL (C Intermediate Language) compiles C programs into a simplified subset of C and assists with program analysis and transformation.
cil-imaging	Image manipulation Library.\nRedeye removal\nCropping\nEnlarging\nFilters\nRotating\nShearing
cil-parser	The projects aim is to create a managed parser for CIL (Microsoft Intermediate Language).
cila	Cila is a KDE adjusment tool for end-user. With this tool users can change all setups of KDE with a gui.
cilantro	Cilantro is an implementation (in Java) of &quot;Object Algebra&quot;, a  solution to the Impedance Problem. It connects object-oriented programs to relational databases.  In Cilantro, queries are first-class objects and can be combined to create other q
cildur	Imagine a world where anything goes, where you can be a powerful politician, a renowned craftsperson, or a valiant soldier in an expansive 3-dimensional world. Now imagine that world in open source. Cildur is all that and more. Come join our journey.
cilib	CILib is a framework for developing Computational Intelligence software in swarm intelligence, evolutionary computing, neural networks, artificial immune systems, fuzzy logic and robotics.
cilk	Parallel multithreaded programming language based on ANSI C.  Easy to use, comes with a compiler and a runtime system.
cilux	Cilux is currently dormant.
cim	CIM. Console Instant Messenger. It is developing in micq style and combine jabber and icq clients.
cimagetool	Java bases image viewer with the capability to perform often used image transformations of digital photos like scaline, changing contrast and brightness, cropping images and arrange your digital photos in albums and web sites.
cimarron	A new south american GNU/LINUX distro, based in Uruguay. Oriented for home and office users. Based on LFS, with Kernel 2.6, Gnome and XPde Desktops, Open Office and open tools, like Firefox, etc. Security is in mind (iptables rules turned on).
cimd2-jdevkit	This software provides a developers kit (library and tools) implemented in Java useful when building applications that send (ESMEs) or receive (SMSCs) short messages (SMS) using the CIMD (ver 2) (Computer Interface to Machine Distribution) protocol.
cimg	The CImg Library provides a set of C++ classes that can be used in your sources, to load/save, process, display images. Portable (Unix/X11,Windows, MacOS X,..), efficient, simple to use, it&#039;s a pleasant toolkit for coding image processing stuffs in 
cimom-abstract	A client side framework that provides agent-less remote access to CIMOMs regardless of the CIMOM communication protocol. Main components: Extensible protocol adapter framework, Dynamic discovery of server protocol. ( CIM, WBEM, WMI, OpenWBEM )
cimrman	Project Cimrman (named after the Teacher of Czech people ;) is aiming at the creation of the platform for the quick and easy development of educational systems. Right now seems to be DEAD.
cims2005	CIMS 2005 07
cimsol-mc	Educational project for building a motion controller library. Supported platform: QNX/x86. The software should provide a library that allows application software to control axis in real-time. For instance to control a robot arm.
cimula	Cellular Automata simulator. Native code (fast) and modular design: update rule, topology, time, measurement, initialization are independant. No GUI (for now...): configuration file (commented default automatically generated) overridable by command line.
cin4labview	Code Interface Node ( cin ) is c code which is linked into LabView cin icons. These icon and hence cin can then extend the functionality of LabView for linux. Lets place our changes and newly developed CIN in this public toolbox.
cinag	CINAG is an UCI computer chess engine. This is a module which thinks about the game and try to find the best move for each position. Our goal is to create a quite strong opponent by using state of the art AI technics.
cinaproxy	win32 proxy server progged in easy visual basic, WinSock-Pool, SOCKS4/5, SMTPRelay, Gateways, DialUp-Manager, HTTP(S)-Proxy, WEB-Server(PHP,XML,Dir), Remote, Shutdown, Port-Mapping, FTP,cryptapi socket,*Web-Adblocker*, nt-service, telnet
cinc	The purpose of the cinc project is to develop an emulator for Bell Labs&#039; Cardiac (cardboard illustrative aid to computation) computer. The main product from this project is a Java program called jcinc.
cinch-daemon	The Cinch Wireless Project is aimed at providing a tool to sort through wireless networks and automatically select the best one to use, all while using the existing interface in a easy to understand programming layout.
cindy	A robust, scalable and efficient asynchronous I/O framework, supports TCP, SSL over TCP, UDP and Pipe.
cineboot	CineBoot is a mini livecd based on Linux kernel, which integrates mplayer and mpeg321 and is able to start up by itself and allows to see avi/mpeg videos, burned togheter CineBoot, through the framebuffer.
cinege	Cinege is aimed to be the ultimate library (management) system - one day. Currently, it it a very nice tool to make regexp based filtering of bibliographic and item data and find variuos bugs in your existing database.
cinekom	Ortierung der alten Kinecom Film-Datenbank auf ein Web-Interface
cinelibrary	Ciné Library enables you to create movies lists so that you can easily find them if they are burned on DVD, for example. You can manage multiple movie lists (e.g. movies, animes, documentaries, etc.)
cinema	A modification for Remedy Entertainment\\&#039;s hit game Max Payne 2
cinemasix	A high-definition movie player for the Roku PhotoBridge HD.  Plays MPEG2 Transport &amp; Program Streams (VOBs) and supports streaming playback via VLC.
cinematika	Educational program for solving radar bearing exercises.
cinepaint	CinePaint is an open source painting program used by motion picture studios to retouch images in 35mm films. It was formerly called Film Gimp. It has been used in a dozen feature films including Harry Potter, Scooby-Doo, and the Fast &amp; the Furious.
cineplug	CinePlug is a collection of audio and video plugins for cinelerra
cinesystem	CineSystem - Cinema Ticketing and Automation System
cinguwebmail	webbased email system, easy to install and customizable.
cinoe	Cinoe Is Not Only an Editor (CINOE) is a collaborative code editor which allows multiple programmers to work on the same file at the same moment. All changes are synchronized real time.
cinplp	This Framework helps students on the study of Programming Languages Paradigms
cinputbox	C/C++ InputBox implementation that allows to have a simple InputBox like visual basic&#039;s one. It is coded in simple win32 API calls without MFC and allows full customization.
cinqcents	CinqCents is a 500 multiplayer client/server card game. It will be offering many interesting features, such as a chat screen, great computer players, a scoreboard, a smooth interface and a lounge for multiplayer games.Most of all, it will be fun to play!
cinres	A cinema tickets reservation system, for i.e. low visited cinemas, to be able to offer online reservation.
cinsi	&quot;Cinsi&quot; is a module for the TikiWiki CMS where you have to build a farm.
cinsight	A tool to analyze a C source code project, index it and convert it into an intermediate form which would be query-able to provide code statistics, show code portions, find variables and definitions and all other elements of the project.
cinter	Console C interpreter.
cinterpreter	The goal of the project is an interpreter of C programming language.
ciop	CIOP is the project which allows to connect [Web]Applications to each other by simple Common Information Objects and to exchange the data between Information Systems.
cip	Contrib Installer is an easy way to install contributions for osCommerce without manually editting files.
cipaf	IP traffic accounting on CISCO routers.
cipat	Cisco Perl Tools : CIPAT = IP Accounting aggregator + NetProvisioning = bulk telnet task automation + ISDN-Reporter = Cisco ISDN call aggregation and reporting tool
cipc	CIPC is an application programmer interface (API) for interprocess communication. CIPC includes classes for: File and Record Locking, Token Creation, UNIX Processes, Semaphores, Shared Memory, Sockets, and HTTP and WEBDAV clients and servers.
cipe-linux	A package for encrypted IP over UDP tunneling. Can be used to build any range of VPN solutions. (Linux version)
cipecfg	The CIPE Configurator is a newt-based utility for configuring CIPE interfaces.
cipfoss	CIP-FOSS will serve as a common entry page for Free and Open Source Software developed at the International Potato Center (CIP), Lima, Peru (http://www.cipotato.org).
cipher-cracker	A project under constant development with the aim of providing end users with a simple intuitive interface for cracking &amp; analysing ciphers from standard types of puzzles
cipheradmin	Intended for group policies. CipherAdmin adds an admin account with a random 3DES-encrypted PW, and fixes-up local group memberships, assigning authorized users to certain groups. Helpdesks can decrypt from AD or file for one-time access requests.
ciphercore	The functional objective is to provide a simple secure socket infrastructure for client/server apps. The usability objective is to allow inexperienced developers to deploy the system and write &quot;Hello World&quot; with a single page of documentation.
ciphertool	A set of tools for manipulating and solving pencil-and-paper style ciphers, cryptograms, and related puzzles.
ciphsafe	Simple-to-use Mac OS X application to store passwords or other notes securely.  Encrypts with 320-bit Blowfish, includes random password generation, and a very clean interface.  Uses the system&#039;s OpenSSL for encryption.
cipia-1linux	CiPIA-1 Linux is a project to implement a small distro of Linux targetted specifically at the Compaq iPAQ IA-1 Home Internet Appliance.
cippex	CIPPEX is database application to manage potato and sweetpotato field and lab experiments as part CIP&#039;s (International Potato Center) research informatics toolset. It has facilities to create field books and facilitate subsequent data analysis.
ciptcl	CIPTCL is a set of applications for the management of the Tissue Culture Lab at the International Potato Center. It supports handling, tracking and location of clonal plant materials including data logging on hand-held PCs with wireless and bar-code.
ciptservices	The Cisco IP Telephony Services project contains many IP phone services and utilities for the Cisco 79XX phones and CallManager. This project houses several scripts, services, and administration tools. Recruiting! Contact me and become a developer.
cipvir	CIPVIR is a lab information management system for the virology lab of the International Potato Center, Lima, Peru. It aims to support gathering evaluation data from NASH, DAS-ELISA, and host range from screen house trials.
cir	CIR Continuous Integration and Reporting, basically an ant target scheduler for\nscheduling the execution of ant build tasks and execution of testng testsuites.\nReports will be generated and statistics gathered.
circ	A Platform Independent IRC-Client
circamod	A user-friendly interface for running simulations of the gene networks comprising the circadian clock. Modules allow the simulation of experimental protocols with just a few mouse clicks. Users can fine-tune simulations to suit their particular interests
circapi	Unofficial IRC API - A fast &amp; efficient method of communicating with an IRC host using the IRC (RFC1459) Protocol. Intended for developers who desire an effective library of functions for communicating with an IRC server without knowledge of the prot
circe	Platform independent IRC client written in Python.
circl	CIRCL is a C IRC Library that aims to be a portable solution for developers of IRC clients and servers. CIRCL consists of loosely coupled modules for message parsing, event handling, and networking.
circles	A PHP based, supermodular, backend-only and programmable CMS.
circleuml	CircleUML is a stand alone Java application that forward engineers interaction diagrams from XMI-exports.
circlite	This is a simple IRC multithread class, support hook on source, destination, irc commands or, messages .. After include these files in your project, you can connect to an irc server and bind some fonctions in 3 lines of code
circlz	It is a Group Management System (GMS) aimed to create and maintain group portals such as Alumini Websites etc. It is quite different from other social community networks.
circo	This is a planned project. It&#039;s a IRC client with mIRC scripting support. But with perl support and other features.
circuit	An educational tool for designing and simulating digital logic circuits, featuring a simple-to-learn interface, hierarchical circuits, wire bundles, and a large component library. As a Java application, it can run on many platforms.
circuitsandbox	Visually build boolean logic circuits and then simulate their operation. Create custom components from user-designed circuits. Written in Java for cross-platform functionality.
circuitsmith	CircuitSmith is to be a comprehensive electronic design package being developed in Java which will include schematic capture, printed circuit board layout and any other features which I (and hopefully others) can be bothered to program.
circularsearch	This program displays the effects of MatchCollections and parses the BestBuy and CircuitCity weekly circulars / weekly ads. It also exhibits the functionality of searching ListViews.
circularslider	CircularSlider is a Cocoa reusable control for OS X.  It allows the user to drag a knob freely in two dimensions on a circular base.  The project includes an IB palette, a testbed application, and documentation.  Good sample code for beginners.
circumference	A useful application that can quickly calculate the circumference of a circle using the diameter or radius, and can also calculate the area of a circle using the diameter or the radius.
cire	Cire is a Free and Open-Source Program for keeping an Electronic Journal or Diary. It is designed to run on Linux and other Unixes.
cirl	CIRL, means &quot;cat Internet | relative link &gt;&quot;, the idea is to download a URL, and using a GUI give to the user the option of follow the links inside of it. Links are converted to relative, and can be navigated on the local machine. It is like
cirql	Daemon to monitor MySQL circular replication, and to handle healing the circle when servers drop out and are added back.
cirque	Cirque is an application for the mineral resource industry for all phases of mine development. Cirque is developed using TrollTech&#039;s QT library to leverage OpenGL, C++, and platform independence. Cirque will be modular in design for future expansion
cirris	A circular game of tetris. Complete a ring to remove it.
cirrus	Project includes: JRIO (drawing package), Lang (Java interpreter written in Java), and Cirrus (genetic and evolutionary algorithms, with evolvable virtual machine). Planned modules for entropy and information studies during an evolutionary process.
cirthmud	CirthMUD is a MUD codebase written in C++ and extendable in Python.
cirts	This project is a module to the linux that will show statistical information about real time scheduling.
cis	Scilab Toolbox and C++ library for the research of dynamical system.
cis2-to-kml	Creating a utility for direct translation of structural steel models from CIS/2 to Google Earth.
cis36a-core	Laney College Spring 2005 - CIS36A Java Programming Assignment, Core Group Project
cis422	Academic (course-based) site for students to try out open source tools.
cisc	A software on the Microsoft .NET 2.0 Platform for secure chatting on a LAN/Internet,so as to avoid any information leakage by Packet Sniffing on the network.The client and the server will send encrypted messages to each other.
ciscan	Ciscan is a tool developed for network administrators and security experts. Its allow you to scan all the range of ip you want of an intranet/extranet using a router. I will ping hosts, check how many of them are alive and will scan 3 ports (23,79,514), 
cisco-documents	Cisco ISP Essentials; CCNA Lab manual v4 1-2
cisco-torch	Cisco Torch mass scanning, application layer fingerprinting, and exploitation tool to discover and attack remote Cisco hosts running Telnet, SSH, Web, TFTP, NTP and SNMP services.  Useful in auditing large networks for misconfigured/un-updated Ciscos.
ciscoipphone	Cisco IP Telephony plugin for creating CiscoXML structure and Push/Pull to/from Cisco IP phone 7XXX and SoftPhone.
cisf	CISF stands for CoderNet IRC Services Framework; and is what the name suggests: an IRC Services Framework for networks based on UnderNet&#039;s p10 protocol. CISF aims to be a substitution for services frameworks; and will also be as dynamic as possible.
cishell	Cyberinfrastructure Shell (CIShell) is an open source, community-driven framework/application for the integration and utilization of datasets, algorithms, tools, and computing resources. Algorithms can be integrated using most programming languages.
cisilia	&quot;Cisilia NG&quot; is an open-source framework for distributed high-performance computing, which evolved from Project Cisilia, a distributed password cracker. It works on load-balancing clusters such as openMosix as well as SMP machines.
cismap	cismap is a Java based client for OGC Web Mapping Services (WMS, WFS, ...). It provides a browser oriented user interface with features like history, bookmarks. unlike web technology based clients it provides a very powerfull an comfortable user interfac
cisto	cisto (CIsco Script TOol) tool for managing cisco devices (IOS,CatOS). Allows to get configs, do configuration, install new images, change passwords, do single or list of show commands and lots more for a given list of devices (running parallel proz.).
cistoms	CISTOMS is a mudlib written in LPC for a modified MudOS driver. It features prototypes for limited access containers, generic items, rooms, and open-ended mush-style exits. A simple randomized heartbeat drives the combat system, though more is planned.
cistronwebmin	Webmin Module for Cistron RADIUS Server. It allows you to add users, Network Access Servers without edit any text file.
cists	CISTS seeks to assist Civil Engineers in the analysis of beams, their loads, and properties.
cisync	cisync synchronizes an iPod with a directory on the computer, according to rules given in the configuration file, and without user intervention.
cit	A crossplataform tools for irc, including scripts and plugins.
cita	CITA (Collaborative Internet Text Architecture) is a system (developed for didactical purposes) that allows teams to work on text documents. It&#039;s made by a repository that manages common documents, and a GUI client to read and modify documents (like
citadel	Citadel is a unique fusion of groupware, cms, bbs, and more...
citationmgmr	This set of PHP scripts is a citation management system with extensive search functionality, backed by a MySQL database. It is useful for writing academic documents like a thesis. The scripts are well documented and easy to set up.
cite	Cite enables web developers to set up complete websites in very short timeframes. It has all the functionality needed to create arbitrary site structures and a friendly interface for content editors makes filling pages a productive and easy process.
cite-effect	cite-effect helps understand, validate and refactor programs through static analysis. After building a database, it reports variable&#039;s accesses within call tree(s), in a text format suitable for integration into editors (like jEdit or Emacs).
citecrm	Cite CRM is an Open Source PHP/MySQL Customer Relations Management System written for the Computer Repair Industry. Cite CRM is a complete CRM with everything a mobile computer repair company would need.
citeman	CiteMan is a web-based citation manager that allows researchers to store  references in an organized manner. Ultimately, CiteMan will offer many more, unique features than the ones offered by most current proprietary citation managers.
citemapp	CitemaPP is a Google Sitemap generator written in C++. Instead of crawling the html-doc directory on your server, CitemaPP crawls the content of your server via http protocol.
citemgr	citemgr is a Linux-based program written in C/ncurses, written with the intention of managing citation of articles, books and other resources, and generating bibTeX/xml files from this collection of citations. All citations are stored in a MySQL database
citep	The CITEP project has been moved to http://code.google.com/p/citep.
citeulike	CiteULike is a free service to help academics share, store, and organise the papers they&#039;re reading. This open source project contains the code to scrape citations from publishers&#039; web sites.
cith	cIT - the advanced win32 c programming ide
citical	web product package coloborate calendar
cities3d	Cities3D is a cross-platform OpenGL port of the classic board game Settlers of Catan, written using wxWidgets, boost, and cppunit.  It supports hotseat and online play, and has both Seafarers and Cities &amp; Knights, with all maps and rules.
citizen	A publishing platform for groups wishing to provide news and magazine style content on the web.  The focus of Citizen Publisher is to ease the process by which content is produced, edited and published.
citizenize	e-Constituent is a web application developed in asp.net with a SQL server backend.  The idea is a user can submit a request to their local town or city government, and not have to know where the request should go.  The software will route the inquiry to
citonx600	Qcue Interactiva is a public project to help authors of free and GPL software by creating setup packages for end users. Installers on this project are all Java based, created by InstallShield Express 4.0 Multi-Platform Edition.
citric	Citric is a multi-platform game development suite that will enable you to create amazing 2D and 3D games with ease. It features an incredibly powerful yet simple programming language that makes all this possible.
citrixclat	Command line utility programmed in VBS for administering a farm of Citrix Presentation Servers in aspects not covered by the CMC (Citrix Management Console). It runs on a Windows server that is part of a Citrix Farm or that has MFCOM installed on it.
citrixts4linux	CitrixTS4Linux is a GUI remote access server application written in C and C++ to allow access to RPM-based Linux terminal servers via the free Citrix ICA client.
citrus	Citrus is a library and suite of demo applications for converting numbers with units into numbers with different units.
citrusdb	CitrusDB is a web based customer care and billing solution (CC&amp;B) that uses PHP and a database backend (MySQL) to keep track of customer information, operational CRM, services, products, billing invoices and credit cards, and support information.
city-simulator	Simulating a city like GTA1-2 do. Simulation will be very complex, including trams, buses, civil cars, police etc. Game is not about stealing cars.\nThis is a peaceful game.
citybase	For users of SMARTPHONES. Access People-Places-Things dB/maps(by city). d/l yellow page catagories like &#039;construction materials vendors.&#039; d/l &#039;products list.&#039; create shopping lists, submit orders, receive qoutes. realtime inventory/pr
citybinder	CityBinder is used to create custom Bind Files for City of Heroes and City of Villains, and is designed to be extended easily.  CityBinder saves a Profile for each Character, making Updating your Binds Very Easy.
citybuilder	CityBuilder is an attempt to automate much of the work involved in creating large virtual urban landscapes. The system takes a street map as input, and produces street geometry and a scene graph as output. Applications include games (think GTA*), etc.
citycontrol	A 2D, top down multiplayer game, where each player tries to take over the city.  Will focus more on organizing groups to fight for you than fighting directly.  Written in Java with LWJGL bindings to openGL.
cityevents	cityevents proyect looks for a generic way to manage the visualization of the information of events in a metropolitan area.
citylan	Allo stato attuale Internet non sara totalmente libera fintantoch? non saranno completamente libere ed accessibili le strutture fisiche che lo trasportano.CityLAN vuole essere il manifesto di questa libert?...
citymap	A Map Server, Viewer &amp; Editor partially implementing the W3 standards for GML &amp; SVG with some extensions to aid in designing and maintaining the PSTN cable networks (and other networks) in city scale.
citymashup	City Mashup would display live traffic information for a user given zip code. Also, the user has the option to add and remove additional search information to the map such as Local Attractions, Restaurants, Movie Theaters, Weather and Upcoming Events.
cityscan	The CiTyScan is intended for civil cooperation. Applets running on wireless java-devices acting with a free geoinformation services and then provide secure self-organizing an ad hoc wireless network for users (flash-mobbers, players etc.).
citytraffic	Internet-based system for finding the shortest way between two points in the city
ciubach	Ciubach is a chess and checkers engine based on some common templates. Ciubach contains basic minmax search algorithm, neural network position scoring and neural network training with TD method.
civ4betterai	A mod of the Civilization 4 DLL (SDK) with the goals of improved AI and 100% save game compatibility. Gameplay (rules) are unaltered. Where possible, speed is improved.
civ4br	Civ4BR is the translation project (Brazilian Portuguese) of the renowned Real Time Strategy Game Sid Meyer&#039;s Civilization IV.
civ4caesium	This is one of the biggest compilation of modifications for Civ4.
civ4ccp	A project aiming to become a universal mod to improve Civilization 4, improving modablilty, the AI, the UI, and the performance of the game.
civ4geneticai	This project aims to improve the Civilization 4 AI using a genetic algorithm. We also have some alternative AI algorithms which have been custom written that will hopefully also improve the AI.
civ4mods	Civilization IV Mods houses and releases customization packages (mods) for Sid Meier&#039;s Civilization IV. These mods may be functional, graphical, and/or topical changes to the basic CivIV game. Currently includes the Realism mod.
civcad	The goal of CivCAD project is to create a set of free tools to build scenarios for Sid Meier&#039;s Civilization 2: Test of Time commercial game
civearth	CivEarth is a RTS (Real-Time Strategy) game that is based on the Stratagus engine (http://www.stratagus.org). It includes 18 epochs to play from Stone Age to 26th Century!
civflier	A Civillian Flight Simulator set in the Year of 2050 for Windows and Linux, the game will include Existing Cities (With new Stuff) and new cities, Money, Bulletin Board Systems for Job finding and other stuff, Aircraft Buying, City to City Transportation
civi	Civi is a tool to visualize result of a search engine. It shows the results as a graph containing documents and keywords. Additionally, some properties of the results like the document format and the size of the document are presented in the graph.
civicmaps	Add a mapping component to your website with CivicMaps.  Uses a tile based mapping engine and talks to any OpenGIS/WMS compliant map server.  If you have RSS feeds with geo:long and geo:lat coordinates then CivicMaps can plot them as clickable thumbtacks
civicrm	CiviCRM is an open source and freely downloadable constituent relationship management solution. CiviCRM is web-based and designed specifically to meet the needs of advocacy, non-profit and non-governmental groups. Learn more at http://civicrm.org
civicscape	A small-town groupware like app which allows members of a community to register and post &quot;business cards&quot; in real time.  Uses perl/mysql/apache/mason.  Web front-end for editing categories, posting news and editing users.
civil	Realtime strategy game about battles in the American Civil War. Features network play, fancy graphics and audio.
civilaction	CivilAction lets you create a Choose Your Own Adventure type story that can be played on Java enabled cell phone. A desktop application lets you write story files. People run the story on their phone. Make a &#039;Tresure hunt&#039; or &#039;Amaze Race&#
civildefence	(rus) Civil Defence - ???? ??????? ??????????? ??????????? ??????? ??? ??????????? ????????? ??? ???????? ?????. (eng) Civil Defence - library for blind.
civilservice	Government support solutions. Citizen relationship, oficial transactions, public projects, election support and finances.
civiluzation	CivilUzation will be a tcp/ip compatible, turnbased, full gfxed turn base strategy game
civilwar	Open Sourced version of American Civil War game for DOS, originally developed by Dagger Interactive Technologies and Greenius, published by Empire Interative in 1995.
civlog	CivLog displays your Freeciv scorefile as a power graph.
civquest	CivQuest is a strategy game largely inspired by the Civilization genre. It incorporates some unique ideas, and allows for play against A.I. opponents. It is written in Java, so it runs on many platforms.
civs-generative	Package for generative model based learning for computer vision
civtk	A Tcl/Tk GUI for the freeciv civserver to change game options and start, save, load games.
civtools	A collection of tools for converting stuff from various civvariants to freeciv. Currently only Civ2 stuff is supported, but code for other civ-variants is always welcome!
civx	CIVx is a free advanced PIV (Particle Imaging Velocimetry) solution including digital acquisition, processing and postprocessing softwares
ciwyw	Mp3 tagger/renamer which can read id3 tags and filenames for info. Mass tagging /renaming
cix-vienna	Vienna is a freeware Mac OSX off-line reader for the CIX conferencing system with additional support for RSS/Atom feeds.
cj2eetools	A set of tools for working with J2EE application servers. it includes a generic JDBC datasource implementation, and a jndi/rmi/iiop multiplexer for accessing remote application servers through a standalone web container
cjabby	CJabby is Jabber client written in C. It is intended for GNOME users.
cjacks	Crazy Jacks is a fun card game for two or more players. If you&#039;re played Uno, you&#039;ll instantly recognize Crazy Jacks.
cjan	CJAN is the Comprehensive Java Archive Network. It makes finding, managing and using Java software and documentation easy.
cjavaipc	CJavaIPC is a simple C library that allows the transfer of primitive types between C and Java programs, as well as between C programs on different architectures.
cjet-xt-2000	This is a new project to create a free and open source version of Windows, mainly targeting Windows 2000 but also XP, and hopefully eventually, Windows Vista.
cjfeist	A project to easily allow a user to configure their linux computer to execute arbitrary commands when a certain barcode is swiped.  Such as playing certain mp3&#039;s or mp3 collections.  (Current support is for the Cue Cat only).
cjkvinput	CJKVInput, an enhanced branch of UNICON/CHINPUT, which is used to display/input Chinese, Japanese, Korean &amp; Vietnamese. The main goal is to crack more better inputmethods and more features.
cjl	3 dimensional OpenDocument presentation
cjn-hex-editor	A cute-smart-easy-simple-green text/hex editor working on .net/mono. Especially designed for huge file editing. Support script language.
cjos	Multiple platform C/C++ and Java components from the JOS Project, including APIs, frameworks and utilities. All software is open source, free license and ready-to-run.
cjots	A simple console jotter program for creating and organising notes. Inspired by the KDE program Kjots but runs in the console. It not only works in a similary way to Kjots but is also compatible with the Kjots file format.
cjpg	A JPEG viewer for the linux framebuffer, which also allows a background image ( desktop ) to be set so it will be displayed at all times as in a console background picture. Meant for those who are addicted to the console.
cjsed	Cascading JavaScript Event Declarations
ck-erp	CK-ERP is a CRM/ERP/MRP/accounting system with 22 modules - Admin,i18n, ContactMgmt,CRM,CustomerSelfService,VRM, MRP,Warehouse,Inventory,Service, Ledger,BankRec,Payables,Receivables,PO,SO,Quotation, POS(Cashier),POS(Mgr), HR,StaffSelfService &amp; Payrol
ck-erp-contribs	This project hosts contributions (software and documentation) related to the CK-ERP (also hosted on sourceforge) project that are not yet, or will never, get into the main CK-ERP branch.
ck-ledger	CK-Ledger (continued as CK-ERP) is no longer active nor supported.  Term of distribution had been changed.  Please refer to CK-ERP.
ckii1	An easy to use language to write your own games.
ckiss	An experimental, web-based tool, aimed at creating communities and enabling the efficient communication and sharing of information and other resources between individuals.
cklib	Modular library for popular IRC bot - eggdrop.
ckript	ckript = Console kript : based on CNClib. Usefull to encrypt any kind of file.
ckrm	A framework for allocation of system resources (such as CPU, mem, I/O and network) based on user defined classification of work within the system.
cks	This is an effort to develop an openPGP (RFC2440) compliant public keys server which is licensed under the terms of the GNU GPL.
ckserver	A server/client application who can manage multiple users. This project is a possible solution for developers of realtime multiuser applications i.e. Games, Chats ... who require a fast Socket server.
cksfv	cksfv is a simple program to create and verify .sfv files. it uses the crc32 checksum algorithm to verify file integrity.
ckxml	Object Oriented XML Parser and builder, written in Visual Basic (MS VB 6.0). Though it is relatively slow however it is extremely easy to use.
ckyosei	Ciudades Kyosei aims to provide an unpartizan environment to foster municipal civic participation. NGOs, Citizens, Civil Servants, Politicians &amp; Media are provided with tools to communicate, discuss, carry out participatory processes, coordinate work
cl-addressbook	Command-Line-Addressbook is Mac OS-X command line application that allows you to look up phone numbers in your system AddressBook.  If you have secure shell access to your Mac it can be handy tool to check a phone number if you&#039;re out of the of offi
cl-alleg	CFFI bindings for the Allegro Games Programming library for use from Common Lisp.
cl-calc	cl-calc aims to be a simple command line calculator. It can handle precedence unlike a lot of graphical calculators. cl-calc is written in Python and requires PLY (Python-Lex-Yacc).
cl-cgi	A CGI library for Common Lisp.  Provides a completely abstract way of working with CGI via a widget system.  Also includes HTML generation functions. Aims to be CLtL compliant (except for system::getenv).
cl-charman	CCM is an easy to use RPG character sheet generator and character tracker programmed in BASIC. Works with all role playing systems.
cl-cookbook	A collaborative project that aims to provide for Common Lisp something similar to the Perl Cookbook published by O&#039;Reilly.
cl-eclispe	Rudimentary Common Lisp support for Eclipse, including editor and top-level integration, with plans for more features down the road.
cl-edit	2D Map Editor.
cl-go	Research project for Go-Programming
cl-gordon	Gordon is a common-lisp library for generating flash (SWF) files.
cl-hhtools	Collection of packages I have developed and use in my Corman Lisp coding.
cl-ldap	Common Lisp foreign function interface to the LDAP C library using UFFI.
cl-mandel	Mandel is a command-line program for generating Mandelbrot set fractals - support for Julia sets is coming soon. Output is in the form of 8 bit greyscale Device Independent Bitmaps, which can be readily viewed with many common graphics programs.
cl-pdb	cl-pdb is a Common Lisp library which provides CLOS classes and API for reading and acting upon Palm Database files.
cl-php-date	date - Format a local time/date
cl-rad	common lisp library for radiology decision support development.
cl-sdl	Common Lisp bindings to the SDL library, OpenGL, and more.
cl-sql	CLSQL is a Common Lisp database interface compatible across Allegro CL, Lispworks, and CMUCL and can access MySQL, PostgreSQL, and Allegro&#039;s AODBC databases.
cl-tftp-server	A simple TFTP Server for Windows that runs as a service.
cl-xml	Common Lisp support for XML, XPath, XQuery, XPointer
cl4others	To create an implementation of Novell ClientTrust for Linux and Mac OS-X
claap	CLaP! is a multi-prupose article publishing system prrogrammed in PHP4 OOP, designed so any experienced user can modify it easily to fit his or her pruposes. You can use it to publish news, information articles or to manage your whole website. You decide
clacct	Simple and lightweight financial accounting tool for use on the command line
clack	A WiFi mesh networking stack using the SRCR protocol
clad	A Java library that makes class diagrams from classes.  Complete with Ant  taskdef for automatic generation.
cladcode	cladCode: cladistically correct encoding of gene order data suitable for phylogeny reconstruction using MP or ML methods. Keywords: biology, phylogeny, genomics, gene order.
clados	Clados is a java package that implements a multivector in a Clifford Algebra. Algebras (over real numbers) with any signatures may be used. A calculator and associated documentation is also included to help users learn how things work.
claim	CLAIM is an AIM chat client library for Common Lisp (using AIM&#039;s TOC protocol).
claire	Claire is a framework for interacting with a simulated robotics environment (Player/Stage) using Prolog predicates. It is specifically aimed at Artificial Intelligence courses.
clajr	A command line parsing system. Through Java Reflection it allows simple usage. The keys are defined as standard, overloadable methods, and are transparently managed by the engine. No need to use library-defined objects or enums. Developer has the power!
clalerts	Craigslist search/alerts utility allowing for continuous non-interactive searching of craigslist postings. It will continuously monitor craigslist for rarely posted items you look for, and email you the results of the search as they appear.
clallserial	CLALLSERIAL provides an API for Serial Communication with Camera Link Cameras, according to the Camera Link Version 1.1 Specification.  It allows Serial communication with digital cameras in a frame grabber independent fashion.
clam	CLAM is a model of a large-scale cortical network, which incorporates the interaction between object-based and spatial attention and working memory.
clam-scan-scrip	Clam Anti-Virus Script for making it simple to use in a Linux/UNIX environment.  Does all the work for you!
clamav	Clam AntiVirus is a GPL antivirus toolkit for UNIX. The main purpose of this software is the integration with mail servers. It provides a flexible and scalable multi-threaded daemon, a command line scanner  and a virus database that is kept up to date.
clamav-script	This Script is used to setup your Favorite Anti virus (CLAMAV) on Linux/ FreeBSD/ BSDI/ AIX box. It automates your clamav installation and configuration. To Download goto Project Website Page.
clamav-sharp	ClamAv# is a Mono language binding for the ClamAV virus scanner
clamavfe-gtk	Clamav antivirus front-end. Using gtk2.
clamcour	ClamCour is a Courier-MTA multithread filter that allows Courier to scan mail for viruses using Clam Antivirus package.
clamd-stream-cl	Small client to ask a clamav antivirus server is a file containt a virus. May be used with procmail or maildrop rules. Clamav library is not required to be installed on the running host.
clamdmail	Clamdmail is a qmail-queue replacement that allows mail to be filtered, greylisted, or rejected before queuing based on connection information and/or message content by providing an interface for programs like clamd-greylist, clamdscan and SpamAssassin.
clame	Java Command-Line Arguments Made Easy.
clamfs	ClamFS is a FUSE-based user-space file system for Linux with on-access anti-virus file scanning through clamd daemon.
clamrt	ClamRT is a driver for Windows 2000/XP/2003 platforms which implements on access file scanning in real-time for the Windows port of ClamAV.
clamsap	ClamSAP is a &#039;C&#039; shared library to link between ClamAV and the virus scan interface of SAP (NW-VSI). A SAP application can use the ClamAV engine to scan for malicious uploads in HTTP uploads for example.
clamsmtp	ClamSMTP is an SMTP filter that allows you to check for viruses using the ClamAV anti-virus software. It accepts SMTP connections and forwards the SMTP commands and responses to another SMTP server. Works well with Postfix.
clamstat	ClamStat is a reporting tool which analyses the ClamAV generated logs and provides virus statistics in time. Developed in PHP/MySQL, portable on any OS.
clamtk	ClamTk is a GUI front-end for Clam Antivirus using gtk2-perl. It is designed to be an easy-to-use, lightweight, point-and-click desktop virus scanner for Linux.
clamupg	A shell script to automatically upgrade an installed ClamAV version. It helps you to download, decompress, configure make and install a new ClamAV version.
clamwin	MS Windows front-end to Clam Antivirus (http://www.clamav.net). Includes scheduler, virus database updates, standalone scanner, context menu integration to MS Windows Explorer and Addin to MS Outlook. Also features easy setup program.
clamwin-admin	Console of administration WEB for clients with installed ClamWin.
clamwinupdate	This script came about because of a very irritating feature of the update system from clamwin itself. It wil tell you a newer software version is needed and available, but doesnt get it for you!. This script will!
clamx	ClamX - Cocoa LDAP Account Manager for Mac OS X
clan	Clan is a german play-per-email-game. In a fantasy world, different races fighting for resources. It is written in Java. The development is stalled until a new graphicer or a big and free (GPL) repository of fantasy pictures is found.
clan-info-menu	Clan Info Menu is a plugin to e107 cms system. This plugin is a toolbox for handling your clan information such a war result, Roster.....
clan-ladder	ClanLadder is a ladder system intended for gaming clans of any kind. It supports the ability for you to add new gaming titles to the ladder for the most popular genres. It is intended to be an add on for phpBB 2.0.
clan-portal	Highly customizable, feature rich clan management system.
clan-site	Clan Site develops scripts that can be used to make running gaming and clan sites easier and more efficient. Our backend is PHP Nuke and leave the development of that to them. We cover games like quake, half-life, rtcw and more.
clan-w-manager	This is a Clan War Manger system, the first part of it is a War overview so you can keep track of your stats on a map and etc. Next part will be a calender so you can plan War?s whit other teams. Codet in PHP amd MYSQL
clanadmin-tools	ClanWeb is a adminsystem programmed in PHP and using MySQL databases. The adminsystem is supposed to help smaller esports clans creating a powerful dynamic site.
clanbasix	A new distro, aiming at every group (e.g. gamer-clans) that looks for a multilevel internet communication-platform out of the box (homepage, messageboard, teamspeak and many more). Easy to install and maintain, though safe in using - that&#039;s it!
clanbomber	ClanBomber is a free (GPL) Bomberman-like multiplayer game for ClanLib, a multi-platform game-sdk (www.clanlib.org). There is also a Version for DirectFB, which will be the primary development path in the future.
clandb	The Character Database is Designed to allow Game Masters and Players to referance there character information Online. The Information is stored in a SQL database and retreived using php.
clanguru	ClanGuru is a PHP and mySQL based advanced all in one clanmanager, template and multi language clan cms.
clanhood	Web based social structure management tool for MMORPGs.
clanker	Clanker is a 100% Java API for the encapsulation in a JavaBean-like format of Java source information, particularly Javadoc and Annotations and a collection of Jelly tags for the auto-generation of Java sources starting from the information above.
clanlab	Eggdrop administration module/set of scripts aimed on clans (war manager, polls, pickup, simple channel &amp; user protection)
clanleague	SimpleClanLeague is a simple league software for online gaming clan matches. It should fit for the most round based games.
clanlegends	Esta es una web dedicada al clan Legend&#039;S, de Starwars Jedi Knight 3: Jedi Academy.
clanlite	ClanLite est un portail php/mySQL pour tout type de communauté de jeu on-line. Il est entiérement personnalisable tant au niveau graphique quant à son contenu. D&#039;une facilité d&#039;emploi enfantine, avec son panneau d&#039;administration simple et 
clanman	Clan Manager is a self-contained web site for gaming clans.  It allows people that are not skilled with web design to produce a professional looking web site for their clan.
clanmecha	A 2D platform mecha-battler using ClanLib.
clanmod	ClanMod is a Metamod plugin designed to offer extended features to Half-Life server admins by providing an in-game menu system, scheduled tasks, custom command and task declarations, specialized configs and addons to ease the task of administration
clanoffice	ClanOffice is a planning tool for gaming clans, using a mysql server to store and share data. It includes a warplanner and calendar and uses simple built-in irc and mail clients to communicate to fellow gamers. A php websuite is allso available.
clanperl	Use ClanLib from Perl! ClanPerl is a set of bindings from the Perl scripting language to the ClanLib multimedia library.
clanphp	An online wolfenstein clan manager system in PHP. Wars, members, agenda and tactics are some of the items being handles by PHPClan.
clanplan	Clan Match administration. Allows for team Captains to administer and pick teams from a pool of available players. Stats system identifies players who are regularly unavailable or (worse) do not post for the match at all ! Some features in development.
clanrock	This project is for people that want a clansite for WarRock. It contains the sourcecode of a website where you can manage your clan, like members, events and squads.
clanrpgengine	Clan RPG is a project in C++ to build a multiplayer online RPG engine and one example game. It is based in a server/client architecture and runs in Windows, GNU/Linux, SOLARIS and other Unix Systems.
clanscript	Perl CGI script to administer a Clan Website. Easily takes care of the following, News, an Active Roster, a Link Manager, Scheduled Matches, Match Records, Personal Bio pages. Template based (works on any existing site design) and much more!!!
clanserv	Eggdrop administration script with mIRC/KVIrc interface aimed on clans (war manager, polls, pickup, simple channel &amp; user protection)
clansitephp	ClanSitePHP is a clan content management system designed to make the clanleader&#039;&#039;s work easier, the included Member/Template/News/Forum/Download/POTD/War system is easy to use and fast. The system, can be used for every game on every operati
clansphere	More than just clan-management, the Project has been started to create and manage a small community around it. It also comes up with many features for the clan. If you want to have less work to do as a clan-leader this is the right choice for you.
clansportal	Developpement of a php portal specialised in Game communities (war3, Counter-strike, etc...). It will include plug-ins to manage members, games, calendar of match and trials, downloads, news, links, tournaments, etc...
clansuite	Clansuite - just a eSport CMS
clansystem	ClanSystem is a plugin for the e107 CMS. We look to simplify management of an online gaming clan through this plugin. It is based on features found in multiple clan plugins and solutions found online, but aims to unify them into one complete system.
clantemplate	A template site for DoD Clans. Profiles, matches, schedules, stats, history, custom modules, custom menus.
clanware	Revolutionary Content Management Software for your Clan or Gaming Organization!
clanwebportal	This project is for the design and testing of a web based portal for guilds and clans. The portal will utilize PHP and MySQL to allow guilds and clans to easily maintain rosters, groups within the guild, ranks, news, descriptions, and more!
clap	CLAP (Command Line Arguments Processor) is a small C++ library that simplifies the handling of  command line arguments.
clapf	Clamav based network antivirus and antispam (bayesian and heuristic) filter for Postfix
claptop	A set of utility for battery monitoring under consolle. It requires ACPI
claradiagram	Class viewer tool. Give a class name and the tool draws its diagram on the fly. For java and C++. Highly interactive, all types found in the class might be filtered or act as link (see Screenshots). Useful also to quickly find and access source files.
clarens	An Apache/mod-python-based application server communicating with clients via XML-RPC or SOAP.
claribus	Claribus is an OS hardener for OS X which also provides log monitoring/analysis and file system monitoring.
claritaftp	script php para ftp&#039;s, con la mayoria de las opciones de un clientes pero en tu browser
clarity	Clarity - Game Development Simplified
clarityhelpdesk	Clarity Helpdesk intends to manage computer inventory and user submitted support requests through a clean, web-based interface. This project utilizes PHP/MySQL.
claro	Claro is a set of cross-platform libraries which assist programmers in writing applications which can run on almost any platform without modification.
claroline	Claroline is collaborative learning environment based on PHP/mySQL. It allows teachers or education institutions to create and administer courses through the web. The software provides group management, forums, document repositories, calendar, chat, assi
clarolineforum	An integrated forum for the Claroline collaborative learning environment.
claros	Claros In Touch is a webmail, address book, calendar, and notebook application. It aims to fulfill the need for a stable, full featured messaging application. The main features are: Bayesian spam protection, message filtering, folder support for the POP3
clarvy	I&#039;ll capture all the packets and analysis according to my abilities.\nEg. Decode and Display the video conference data.
clas	CLAS is Library Management System targeted towards organisations which have multiple departments and each department has its own Library. CLAS can help in managing all such libraries by keeping the database at one place but management distributed.
clasch	ClassScheduleAway (clasch) is a Python program that runs in the background and updates your AIM away message based on what class (or other event) you are currently in. It can also act as an alarm, waking up X minutes before class.
clash	Clash - a php based authenticate class
clashoftitans	An open-source web-based strategy game
class	ClaSS (ClaSS Student System) is a complete student tracking, reporting and information management system. The latest web-application methods allow the school community access. ClaSS aims to be the ubiquitous classroom information assistant for schools.
class-attrib	Adds inheritable translucent attributes, with accessor methods, to another class.
class-dblink	DbLink es mi primera clase en php, simplemente te permite pasarle los argumentos a una funcion instanciada en un objeto con los valores de conexion a mysql.
class-diary	Projeto de Engenharia de Software - 02/2004 - Computa??o (Licenciatura) - UnB - Bras?lia - DF - Brasil
class-editor	Introspect on running programme, view and alter object fields and methods. Edit the code of any method at runtime; apply the changes to any combination of objects, such as an array, or a complete class. Complete rewrite underway available Jan 2007.
class-library	The aim of the project is to create a C++ library consisting of user interface classes, to be used in a text-based application.
class-multi	Multiple inheritance support functions.
class-pobject	Class::PObject is a framework for programming persistent objects in Perl. it\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;s  interface is very similar to that of standard Class::Struct, that it allows one to construct classes on the fly,also called \\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot;inline classes\\\\\\
class-simple	ClassSimple aims to provide an online platform for student-teacher interaction while being as simple to manage as possible.  Features include, online documents, grades, and multiple-choice tests.
class-suite	Lowter Class Suite is a set of simple to use PHP classes that can be downloaded via an ease to use control panel that will automatically calculate dependences. There are many classes available and many more on the way.
classboard	A Bulletin-Board written in PHP which bases complettly on classes and has module-support for easy installation of addons.
classbrowser	The Java Class Browser project is 100% Java source code application used to view the class file names in a Java archive or Directory with multiple archives.  This program can be used to determine if class files using the same class name exist in differen
classbuilder	ClassBuilder is freeware CASE tool targeted at the C++ developer, running on Win2K-XP. It lets you create, manipulate and navigate classes, class relations, class members and class methods at a high level of abstraction through a graphical user interface
classcreator	This program will take a C++ header and generate c++ code for the classes in it.  It will write get/set methods for your private variables and write the basic stuff for your classes functions.  You are given the option to write each of get or set methods
classdom	The ClassDOM is meant to be a small library that presents a general set of C++ classes for representing a (largely) language generic class heirarchy. This includes all the members and member functions for each class, as well as the files the class (or cl
classeditor	Open a Java class file binary to view or edit strings, attributes, methods and generate readable reports similar to the javap utility. In built verifier checks changes before saving the file. Easy to use Java Swing GUI.
classeine	Classeine is a set of general purpose class libraries written in C++ for several platforms, including Solaris, BSDs, Linux and Windows. Classeine will provide a lot of functionality through a consistent and extensible object model.
classencrypt	Java class file encryption.  Class Encrypt is a program that can encrypt a developer&#039;s class files and package them into an executable jar file for deployment. The program uses modules for implementing different encryptions.
classfind	Provides a means to determine Java class loading dependences
classfinder	Ultility Tool for Java Developers to find the paths to all instances of a given \nclass file on their machine. It&#039;s primary purpose is to aid in the resolving of classpath conflicts in applications during the course of J2EE development.
classforms	ClassForms es una clase PHP para el desarrollo r?pido de formularios web con soporte de validaci?n de datos. Puede extenderse con facilidad y adaptarse a diferentes aplicaciones.
classftp	ClassFTP provides a easy and quick way for class &amp; resources files transfering. it&#039;s a ftp client for eclipse, automaticly parse current project src &amp; output path, and transfer the selected java files&#039; compiled class to remote ftp serve
classgen	classgen is a Java class generator. It produces classes for abstract syntax trees in compiler frontends from simple and compact specifications. Generated classes have builtin support for the Visitor design pattern.
classghost	ClassGhost is a small utility that can redefine class files within a running JVM. ClassGhost allows you to directly inject the newly compiled class files in to the VM without interrupting the running application. Works with multiple as well as remote VMs
classgraph	A plugin for Eclipse that will give you a graphic representation of a Java class.
classicladder	Free ladder &amp; sequential (grafcet) languages as used on many PLC for programming automation process. Ladder language allows to realize programs on PLC in an electric way. Modbus protocol for SCADA cnx and remote I/O modules. RTLinux/RTAI/Xenomai supp
classiclint	A graphical application for Mac OS 9, that will allow you to install another OS such as GNU/Linux for the PPC, without losing any data in the process. Defragments, moves physical location of data, organizes, and recreates partition table so as to leave a
classicmind	My end of class project in c++ (stage 1). Simply the classic mastermind board game. See -&gt; Mordecai Meirowitz. The game runs within cmd, command line interpreter, and have only been tested on windows 2000 and xp.
classicvb	ClassicVB will provide an IDE for BASIC/VB/VB.NET/VBScript projects. In its initial form it will support opening, editing, saving source code files. Plus it shall have additional features like color coding and some compiler integration.
classified-chat	A fully extendable multi-protocol instant messenger client written in C#. The project has two main goals: An IM client written using the .NET framework and the ability for the user to have complete control over the organization of contacts, design, etc.
classifiedol	A classified website for a community helping the community members offer services or buy/sell their item within the community.
classifiedsmag	PHP Classifieds is a classified program for use with unlimited categories and ads.\nA Lot Of features as the following all countries names for submit classifieds , newsletter , compile to pdf.
classlesshasher	Classless.Hasher is a collection of standard hashing and checksum algorithms implemented within the .NET framework. It provides a uniform interface to easily use any of the algorithms contained within this library in other programs.
classlibcpp	The classlib is an extensive library for many programming task. It is compatible with Borland classlib.
classlookupgde	The .NET Class Lookup extension for Google Deskbar is a C# library that provides a custom query for displaying .NET Framework 1.1 documentation
classmanager	ClassTracker is a web application for teachers to keep track of their classes. It holds information about students, subjects, exams, etc.
classmanagment	PHP &amp; MySQL content managment system for programmers. Extensible and modular set of classes to quickly deploy a cohesive looking website.  More powerful and flexible than other content management systems at the price of the webmaster knowing some PHP
classmark	ClassMark class grading application for assignments, exams, overall class work. Grade courses simply without the feature bloat such as seating plan setups and attendance taking.
classmarshaling	allows java objects to be serialized with their class information. this way they can be de-serialized in an environment where the class files are not originally present.
classnotes	Classnotes is an OCR intended to translate handwritten scans into text. In order for the program to translate the scans the user must create a handwriting profile by training the OCR with scans.
classparser	This project is a extraction of the classparser from the KDevelop project into a project of its&#039; own. This was done since there are a lot of other projects depending on this specific lib and it felt like a Good Thing(tm).
classpathexplor	Classpath Explorer is an Ant Task that allows you to find dublicate resources within the libraries you are using. It also provides a set of APIs to find archives, and archive locations for the classes you are using. Check Home Page section for info.
classpathhelper	ClasspathHelper provides eclipse plugins that determine classpath/classloading related dependencies such as unresolved references, blocked/obscured clases as well as unreferenced classes/jars. ClasspathHelper can model most classloading scenarios.
classplan	The ClassPlan project is designed for teachers who need to create seating plans.  You can use the user-friendly interface to manually assign seats, randomly distribute students or optimize the seating arrangement based on individual characteristics.
classproxygen	ClassProxyGen is a developer tool which can generate .Net lanuage source files (e.g. C#) to act as proxies for existing .Net framework classes. The event driven nature of the application allows a developer to easily modify the code in these proxies.
classreader	A Java class file reader, reads the java binary class files produced by the Sun Java compiler and returns the byte-code in a legible format.  It&#039;s not a decompiler but just a class file reader.
classroom	An online classroom featuring chat capabilities tailored to a classroom environment, a blackboard feature, and a &quot;hand-out&quot; viewer. The purpose of this program is to provide a free, crossplatform, and simple method for instruction over the inte
classsched	A simple tool to help schools create their class schedule.
classsmtpphp	PHP CLASS for sending email. Features:Host and Port selection, Authentication, Encoding.Class esmtp.inc.php can send email using smtp.It is rfc2821 compliant. It requires php5.
classtracker	A PHP and MySQL based website that a teacher can use to keep track of grades and students. As well as provide a website for the students.
classvault	Classvault is a kind of School Class Groupware - Pupils can login to eg. see or add homework the class has to do for the next lesson. Everybody can add and view Calendar Events, Homework, Dates for the next english tests etc.\n\nSee the Screenshots!
classviewer	Get constructor, field, method information with free search for methods and option to view javadocs at method with your preferred browser. Configured by XML document.
classweb	ClassWeb was designed to easily create &amp; control class websites without learning HTML or FTP. MySQL &amp; PHP based, this is the open source version of what we&#039;ve used for over 3 years (330 classes/quarter) at Social Sciences Computing, UCLA.
classycle	Classycle tools analyse static class and package dependencies of Java applications or libraries. Main features: Cyclic dependency detection (beyond JDepend),  XML report, checking layered architectures. The tools runs from command line and as Ant tasks.
classyphp	ClassyPHP (stupid name) transforms an SQL CREATE statement into a PHP class. A 1:1 mapping into your SQL database. Ready to get included into your project, the class has a constructor, setter, getters and methods for deletion.
classytcl	ClassyTcl is a dynamically loadable object system for Tcl that is available as a Tcl-only as well as a C implementation. The system is simple, but flexible. Classes and objects are dynamic, and can easily be queried, changed and debugged at runtime.
classytk	ClassyTk is a Tcl/Tk extension adding a lot of improvements to Tk ranging from an extensive configuration system to a large set of new or improved widgets. It also includes an application building framework with GUI builder, and some example applications
classzone	ClassZone is a class information interflow System. System&#039;s goal let teacher and student interflow easily. ClassZone system program is freeware. ClassZone system is designed by Jui-Chu. Welcome everybody use and modify it. Welcome Mail me to share y
claudio	These are simple command line audio tools to examine, change the gain, and convert wave and raw audio files.
claunch	cLaunch - Highly customisable PocketPC Today Screen Launcher based on tdLaunch code
clavio	A multi-track MIDI sequence editor as a single document MFC application.
clavus	Clavus is an application to store multiple passwords, usernames and other details in a single password protected file. This file can be encrypted by one of several secure encryption algorithms.
claw	CLAW is an extremely minimilistic programming language that is good for people looking to write their own language, or learn more about programming language design.  The compiler and interpreter are just two C files that even Dev-C++ can compile!
claw-framework	Claw framework provides a convenient and intuitive way of development of PHP5 driven object oriented web and system applications with Hierarchical MVC.
claw-type	All programming languages need some way to manage types, classes, and variables. Claw offers a language independent way to do this. It uses the STL, and has support for C and C++. Prototype, object, and functional paradigms are possible.
clawfigurator	Clawfigurator is an application to enable the usage of The Claw device under linux as if it were a keyboard for use with games not supporting joytick input.
clawlib	Clawlib is or intends to be a cross platform C++ library
clawman	none
claws	The CLAWS (Combinatory Lazy Adaptive Wiki System), is a Wiki-centered Web application framework written in Haskell
claws-w32	Sylpheed and Sylpheed-claws as native Win32 applications. Build with MSVC  6.0 and Gtk+ libraries. Features: Use same local mailbox under Win and Linux (MH format), Multithreaded, internal HTML-parser, Filters, Colors, Newsreader, GPG, POP3, IMAP, SSL, .
clay3d	Clay3D is a complete, extensible, and feature rich suite of network agnostic, scalable applications for the production of computer generated imagery and visual effects. Please see homepage for more information.
clayface	The ClayFace Content Management System is a versatile environment for creating online communities and managing web content.
claymore	A game engine built with modularity, portability and ease-of-development in mind.
claymotion	Clay-motion is a simple and easy to use Windows software application for creating stop motion animation videos. The software supports the use of JPG, BMP, PNG and many other popular image formats. This application is based on the MakeAVI project.
claytek	ClayTek is a 3D games library based on SDL and OpenGL. It is being developed simultaneously with an Editor that uses FLTK, and is being developed under linux (Slack 9.0).
claywiki	ClayWiki - a collection of tools and libraries for Wikipedia.
clbomberman	ClassicBomberman will be a clone of the famous game, featuring a 16+ multiplayer mode and a classical layout without fancy additions. It uses Kyra and SDL_net.
clc	Cryo Login Center also known as cLc is currently an ASP and ASP.NET based control panel interface for websites.  It allows you to control many aspects of a website easily even for the novice web developers.  Upload, Edit, Create, and more with cLc.
clcam	Logitech Quickcam console image grabber. Includes simple image processing filters for mirroring, brightness, negative and captures in 24 bit color or 8 bit greyscale.
clcl	CLCL is a Configurable Lightweight Configuration Language, a very small library for creating arbitrary and extensible configuration files.
clcluster	Custom Little Cluster (CLC) - A pluginable cluster with a friendly API for you to use on any task you need!
cldb	A flat file based Database that can be used like gdbm and berkeley as a flat file DB by people who use the DB as a plugin interface in their code. Transaction or recovery should be supported in near future.
clde	CLDE is an attempt to create a CDE like desktop environment for Linux system.
cldirectord	cldirectord is a threaded monitoring program for LVS director systems.  It loads external shared libraries, and uses functions in those libraries to monitor and enable/disable services you specify.
cle	The Clerk Ignition engine is a storage and application server in one. Mission: To form the complete backend for Web 2.0 applications, using the new Ignite language. Fast, flexible and free. Small and easy to manage.
cle266dfb	DirectFB graphics driver for the VIA CLE266/UniChrome graphics controller. Development has moved to www.directfb.org
cle266mp-plugin	MPlayer plugin for the VIA CLE266 hardware MPEG-2 decoder?
cle266mpegdec	VIA CLE266 MPEG-2 hardware decoding library and Xine plug-in for it.
clean	Clean is a program that searches for backup files and such identified by regular expressions in a ~/.cleanrc, and deletes them: possibly interactively with a per-file y/n decision, or in a batch mode.  Clean is written in C and targets Unix/POSIX.
clean-ajax	Cross browser AJAX engine, inspired on Java Message Service, that uses messages to control the requests. It is an easy to use solution that provides message queue, garbage collection, XSLT support, encryption, web service access, history and cache.
clean-bible	Hebrew Bible was written without vowels, Gospel without spaces. They were added at about 1000 A.D. Inserting vowels/spaces in other ways we get tens new Holy Bibles!! This project is tools for study of the alternative translations of the Lost Book.
cleanbox	Senders not on email recipient&#039;s white list receive a a message back where they have to confirm that they are real non spamming individuals.  Works through procmail. Mostly Perl.
cleancheck	Cleanliness Check uses Google Desktop Search (GDS) to help parents, spouses, and others detect the presence of inappropriate material on their computers. Cleanliness Check will help you know what&#039;s on your computer.
cleancode	Develop clean code with CleanCode, the site that guides you to write cleaner software and design cleaner websites, and that provides tools to help you get there, including a validation engine, a diagnostic system, an XML/HTML pre-processor, and more.
cleandir	clean is a commandline tool that deletes temporary files. You can use, on a unix-like system, &#039;find&#039; and &#039;rm&#039; instead. clean is platform-independent, it just requires tcl to be installed. It is simple and should be easy to use.
cleanengine	This is a PHP software wich allows different users administrate pages hosted on a server without FTP access nor shell access. It includes precoded news-,gallery-,membership- and forumpages for all sites.
cleanerinternet	The first goal of the CleanerInter.net project is to develop, test, evaluate and promote an open-source, extensible, state of the art, filtering and monitoring software solution that will filter harmful content in several channels (Web, Email, News).
cleaners	A management software for a cleaners
cleanftp	CleanFTP is a pure-Java FTP client library with a small footprint, fast, easy to use and with no dependencies. This FTP client library allows you to easily monitor file transfers.
cleangl	The CGL is a game library for the functional langauge Clean. It can be used for all types of sprite-based 2D games (arcade, side-scrolling, platform, etc.).
cleanimports	CleanImports: an ant task that cleans and reformats the import sections of your java source files.
cleanj	CleanJ is ABC-to-Java translator. It enables concurrent clean programs to run on JavaVM.
cleanl	A small CMS in the spirit of phpSlash which uses PHP 4.1 and MySQL. Its defining feature is a complete lack of copyright; CleanL is totally public domain, including the documentation.
cleannap	cleannap is a C++ based Napster protocol server program designed to be efficient, customizable, and easy to code for.  A great alternative to the aging OpenNap software
cleanogl4x	A clean OpenGL solution on VCL/CLX, including the OpenGL API interface, the OpenGL Widget, vector &amp; matrix math routines, and other basic stuffs. Aims to provide a easy and clean start for OpenGL projects using Delphi or Kylix.
cleanoptenv	Unofficial useful library modules and preprocessors for Clean, including a lot of combinators and text operations. Clean is a pure and non-strict functional language whose syntax is similar to that of Haskell.
cleanpop	CleanPOP de-spams and expires emails from a POP3 server based on matching emails in your local mbox file, so local anti-spam tools can be used to clean your remote inbox. It is also useful for fetchmail users, who have no option to *delete after X days*
cleanproxy	A personal proxy server that removes advertising from websites. This current version is written in VB6, but the next version should hopefully be in VB.NET, although this will constitute a major rewrite.
cleanqw	CleanQW is a &quot;cleaned up&quot; version of ID Software&#039;s QuakeWorld.  This makes for easier modifications by other authors, as well as a leaner, meaner QW.
cleanregister-0	For cleaning the Windows system registar from obsolete registrations e/o removing all the items associates with an unistalled application and removing all the unnecessary registrations leaved by applications that huge the system registar.
cleanslate	Cleanslate Website is a flat-file php content manager, that you can quickly set up and use to create a website.
cleanspeech	Simplification of Audacity audio editor to specialize it for speech processing. Chain of effects and batching to streamline preparation of one speech or a backlog.
cleansqlite	Contents of this project was moved to https://sourceforge.net/projects/cleanoptenv/. SQLite bindings for Clean. SQLite is a small C library that implements a self-contained, embeddable, zero-configuration SQL database engine.
cleansurfsuit	Its a set of Programs to make your Surf experience better. Includes : Proxy server to remove ads and ban sites a pop up killer and a killer for diallers.
cleanux	Cleanux holds different scripts and programs for cleaning up messy code, such as XML and HTML.
clear-box	Clear-Box is a family of tools for software engineers to help them better comprehend existing source code, particularly legacy code written in Assembly, PL/1 and COBOL. The tools extend, rather than replace, the typical software engineer&#039;s toolkit.
clearantlib	This library is a collection of Ant tasks for integrating IBM Rational ClearCase with Apache Ant. The integration makes full use of the power and capabilities of Ant, with support for nested elements (such as filesets) as well as conditions.
clearcase-java	Provides a Java API for the Clearcase version control system.  This API uses JNI for win32 systems, and the &#039;cleartool&#039; executable for all other platforms.
clearcasevcs	A JBuilder OpenTool for providing seamless integration between JBuilder and ClearCase.  This OpenTool is supported on all version of JBuilder 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and X.
clearcruiselib	This library is a collection of plug-ins for further integrating IBM Rational ClearCase with CruiseControl. The integration makes full use of the power of ClearCase UCM and its reporting capabilities.
clearcut	Clearcut is an open source implementation of the Relaxed Neighbor Joining (RNJ) algorithm, an efficient distance-based phylogenetic reconstruction method.
cleardock	cleardock is attempt to create unified, eye-candy and yet lightweight dock - with launcher, systray and minimize areas.
clearfox	ClearFox is an extension to the Firefox web browser that allows the user to make Firefox transparent on command. This allows users to browse the web and use another program at the same time! Download now and enjoy better use of your screen space.
clearhealth	ClearHealth is a next generation practice management system and EMR. This php based system takes DNA from the FreeMED and OpenEMR projects. It is based on the smarty templating engine. ClearHealth uses the FreeB2 medical billing engine.
clearinfo2	ClearGraph is a program used to display system information on your desktop in the form of a graph.
clearj	CLearJ is a clean Java-implementation of Common Lisp. The big goals are ANSI standard compliance, interoperability with Java and integration with scripting environments. This project is meant to be a sibling to CLearSharp, with sharing of implementation.
clearlooks	Clearlooks is a GTK+ 2.x engine written in C that transforms your GNOME/XFCE desktop into a modern looking environment. It is fast and easy on the eyes. See http://gnome-look.org/content/show.php?content=19527 for screenshots and sourcecode.
clearpackage	ClearPackage is a web-based content management system built on CakePHP. CakePHP is a PHP MVC Framework inspired by the Ruby on Rails architecture. ClearPackage is an ideal tool for developing small to large dynamic Web sites.
clearparse	The fast, flexible parsing engine. Parse anything in 4 steps: (1) define a grammar, (2) load the grammar into ClearParse, (3) call the engine to parse the source, and (4) traverse the parsing tree. Change your grammar at the run time.
clearsharp	CLearSharp is a clean C#-implementation of Common Lisp. The big goals are ANSI standard compliance, interoperability with Java and integration with scripting environments. This project is meant to be a sibling to CLearJ, with sharing of implementation.
clearsight	Clearsight is an IE-based Content Management System including rich-text editor which generates standards-compliant XHTML.
clearsite	PHP frontend to RRDTool, networking inventory system, network management system, as well as having a Content management system. Think Cacti/Nagios/NetDisco/OpenCMS/NetIQ rolled into one.
clearsky	ClearSky is an editor built by HTML/Javascript junkies, for HTML/Javascript junkies.  It&#039;s key aim is to produce the best possible workspace for web developers who prefer to write code than edit with a WYSIWYG editor.  Written in C++ with GTK+.
clearstory	A web portal system created specifically for churches, with features ranging from content and contact management to prayer request and announcement tracking.  Designed with an easy-to-navigate XHTML+CSS frontend and object-oriented code.
cleartrash	Cleartrash provides a convenient way of cleanning the trash bin created by libtrash. It also can keep files at trash by a fixed amount of time before deleting.
clearview	Content management system for developing online learning community sites.
clearwater	Clearwater Technologies OSS project incubator
cleaver	Cleaver is a program for comparing restriction endonuclease digests of orthologous DNA sequences from different taxa. It performs virtual restriction digests and searches for endonucleases that cleave DNA fragments from given taxa but not others.
cleda	CLEDA: Create, List, Edit, Delete Architecture. Developed using Java with Struts and Hibernate. Workflow engine included!!. Templates, actions and actionforms to manipulate objects; user administration, wizards, menus and more...
cleese	An experimental micro-kernel based operating system written mostly in Python.
clematis	Open source desktop
clembbapi	The ClemBBAPI Building Block was created to expose parts of the Blackboard API as standard web services.
clementine	Clementine is a window manager for X.
cleo-3s	c3s Cleo Supervision and server solutions. For monitor your Unix, Linux, Windows servers via SNMP. The server inventory module is enable to collect your servers in a database. Furthermore in release 5.x a new Network installation system is now avaible.
cleo-bs	Cleo is written on perl5 and works on Linux and hopely on most UNIXes. This is the batch system for computational clusters, which supports possibly most pasrallel envinronments.
cleopatrasql	Simple DBMS fully written in Python
clepshydra	A solution for Internet access control
clepsydra	.NET distributed application framework.
clester	Command line tool for testing Java code
clevehoneynet	The Cleveland Honeynet Project is dedicated to providing a central reporting and analysis repository for honeypots.
clever	CleVer is a PHP based CV editing/creation script to provide a uniform CV design in multiple formats, ie XHTML, PDF, Word Document and more... an XML data file allows storage of all your information at your convience.
cleverrabbit	CleverRabbit is an editor for linguists and translators.  It allows multiple revisions of the same passage to coexist for easy comparison during translation, backtranslation, and consultant checking.
cleversafe	Cleversafe is software for secure, private and reliable storage of the worlds data using information dispersal.
clevertracker	Cross-language and cross-platform user&#039;s action tracking framework,enabling researchers to respect user&#039;s privacy through visual controls which allow users to start/stop/pause data recording,view logged data and opt out of a research study.
clevo-mailled	Linux driver for Clevo notebook Mail LED indicator.
clewmi	CLeWMI (pronounced &quot;clue me&quot;) is a Command Line WMI query tool.  It&#039;s written in perl, for Windows. It allows dynamic querying of WMI from a command line.  Works on Window NT, 2000, 2003, and XP.  Stand alone executable available.
clewn	Clewn provides Gdb support within Vim - Clewn is a standalone program controlling Vim through a NetBeans interface. Clewn is also a patch implemented as a Vim feature named vimGdb. Both alternatives provide the same features set.
clexusmud	A MUD server/library written in C#. Executable on any OS with the Microsoft .NET Framework installed. Featuring a completely object-oriented framework, It will be useable as a MUD server, or library to write another mud, client, or administration tool.
clf	Library to find memory leaks in C. Works in runtime.
clf-ps	The Common Log Format Parser/Statistics (clf-ps) is a php/mysql solution used to generate statistics for the apache CLF logs.
clf2mls	Tool to convert Common Log Format files to a mysql query. Inverse of mls2clf, which can be found at SF too. The people from http://www.gentoo-forum.nl are running this project, as it was used at first for their site.
clg	clg is an interface to the GTK+ graphical toolkit for the CMUCL and SBCL implementations of Common Lisp.
clgui	This is genreal purpose graphics toolkit accessible entirely thorugh command line without need of any other specific interpreter or libraries. Its like kdialog/gdialog but much powerfull, allowing building sofisticated multithreaded gui&#039;s.
clhangman	CL-Hangman is simply my version of the classic word guessing game where you must guess correct letters of the randomly selected word(or guess the word itself) before the &#039;man&#039; is hung.
cli	The Common Linux Installer is a generic installation program that can be used with any distribution of Linux on the market. It will bring a multi-layered system that can be easily edited by any distribution to include thier look and feel
cli-dasm	CLI-Dasm(Common Language Infrastructure - Disassembler). A IL disassembler similar to ILDasm, written in C# so that it may be run on other CLI compliant platforms such as Mono.
cli-interpreter	CLI Language Interpreter is a quick, portable and powerful interpeter written in Pascal.
cli-parallel	Experimental implementation of ECMA 335 (3rd Edition) Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) namespace &quot;System.Threading.Parallel&quot;, which simplifies the writing of parallel loops.
cli4cpp	cli4cpp provides a set of classes to parse command lines for options and arguments. It is inspired by and modeled off of the Java-based Jakarta commons cli project.
cli4j	The CLI4J Project provides a framework to create CICSO-like CLIs, using Java and XML to construct a command hierarchy that can be as simple or as complex as required, effectively interacting with console users.
clib2	Portable ISO &#039;C&#039; (1994) runtime library for the Amiga computer
clibratechframe	CLibra Technologies FrameWorking &amp; Components
clic-dms	CDMS is a web-based Document Management System developed in ASP.NET 1.1 with C# language.It is useful to store, organize and show documents on web sites.
clicc	CLiCC generates C-executables from Common Lisp application programs.
clichart	clichart generates simple charts from tabular data on the command line (or in a file). Charts can be displayed in a window and/or saved.\n\nclichart is intended for quick visualisation of data, particularly of data extracted from system logs.
click	Click Framework is an easy to learn and use J2EE web application framework. Click is designed for web app development by commercial Java teams. With Click developers should be able get up and running within a day.
click-meeow	Click Meoow will be a cross platform photo management program designed to run from portable storage devices, including cameras. Simply plug your storage into a PC  or a Mac (OS X) to catalog and retrieve the photos contained on the media with the program
click-to-call	A click to dial website tool that connects two VOIP or PSTN users by entering their numbers, accessed from anywhere in the world.
click2edit	Click2edit content management system (CMS) aims to offer developers and web designers a set of pre-build scripts that can be used to make CMS websites without restricting the look and feel of the website. Initally based on ezPublish 2.2.
clickbot	Aim is to write a open source click bot!\nClick bots have polluted Ad Networks, and Ad Companies have not been able to catch all of the SPAM.\nThis software will help companies like google test their &quot;bot detection&quot; algorithms, against our ClickB
clickcount	ClickCount is an Opensource counter for people, who only want to count how much clicks thre have been on a Link at their homepage.
clickdrag	ClickDrag is a plugin that emulates popular X11 window manager options by moving any Cocoa window by holding option and clicking and dragging anywhere in the window as well as resizing by option right-clicking.
clicker	Clicker is a project for a Multitasking Open-source operating system written from scratch. based on a modular micro kernel. We want to explore new way of designing and using OSes :) [newz: PCI, NE2K and VBE]
clickfield	Clickfield generates a visual field of where users click on a web page. Utilizes AJAX via Prototype, PHP, and MySQL to manage all the clicks and returns a site overlay field of all clicks.
clickfont	ClickFont allows easy installation of TrueType fonts with just two mouse clicks.
clickheat	ClickHeat is a visual heatmap of clicks on a HTML page, showing hot and cold click zones. Requires Javascript on the client to track clicks, PHP and GD on the server to log clicks and generate the heatmap.
clickin	Clickin is a small tiny desktop utility written with Qt/C++. It holds a managable list of texts individually categorized, ready to be pasted or drag&#039;n dropped elsewhere into any application on the desktop.
clickmaps	Complete system to create heat maps from users&#039; clicks. Includes code for handling, logging and analyzing the data and generates a heatmap.
clicknmix	The Click N Mix Solution Framework provides developers a way to enable non technical website editors to publish dynamic database driven sites, administrated via a flexable web interface that seperates them from the layers of code.
clicknview	graphic viewer program (jpg, bmp, png, gif) new 3D painting methods
clickomania	(k)Clickomania is a port of the popular Windows game for Linux/KDE. It is a very individual &quot;clone&quot; of the popular game Same. It&#039;s exactly the right portion to fill a lunch break.
clickr	An Image gallery based on Flickr(r)&#039;s intuitive interface, with the possibility to add notes, tags and search them. Completely written using PHP / MySQL / XMLRPC / Macromedia Flash
clicksaver	ClickSaver is a tool to automate Anarchy Online&#039;s mission terminal camping.
clicksql	ClickSQL is a visual web-based MySQL database development tool.  As a perl CGI (or mod_perl) program, it requires only perl 5 with DBI and Apache and can admin remote databases via TCP/IP, local socket, or SSL connections.
clickthrough	The goal of this project is to provide a framework for click-through contracts.  These occur often on the web.  Our goal is that an XML version of the contract will be saved to the user?s hard drive when they click ?I Agree? button.
clicktrack	Apache 2.x module originally built for tracking podcast and feed pulls.  mod_clicktrack simply logs requests based on a URI pattern *.mp3|*.ogg|*.rss|*.xml, etc.
clico	A client container for Swing, based on Java 5 language features (annotations, enums...), and PicoContainer. Develop Swing applications with a simple development model, using POJOs, a clean MVC pattern and services and be more productive.
clicq	clicq is a Command Line ICQ client for UN*X. It is based on libicq for icq communication and readline for a consistent command line user interface.
clics	Java based system for aggregating connections to clinical laboratory instruments, recieving incoming test orders, reporting results, visualizing instrument load and workflow, and applying validation or reflex rules via any JSR-94 compliant rules engine.
clid	Find out who&#039;s calling you before pick up the phone.  No extra hardware is required as long as your modem is supported.
clide	Clide is a PHP script which replaces pages generated by Apache in a tree structure intended  for storage without index file, by a pleasant graphic interface fully and easily modifiable.
client	This software is for people who are tardy to hex their own client.
client-database	A very light java project which allows a user to add client data, add comments about said client, and then search for clients relative to their name or social security.  Originally designed for a law firm who needed a simple solution.
client-info	system information collection and monitoring system.
clientclock	This is a time clock system that will allow a business to allow clients to clock in/out and charge them accordingly.  It will also be complete with a full backend administration to change the look and feel.
clientsession	A compact java library for securely maintaining web client state on the client side (e.g. browser) rather than on the server. This solves the many problems with using a server session such as timeouts, memory usage, network latency (with using a cluster)
clientx	A client for moult protocols
clientxide	ClientXide is the Application Frame Work that integrates the most powerfull opensource utilities in a webserver running with PHP and MySQL , it provides e-commerce system,server management system,dbauth sys,db manager... ClientXide make your dreams real!
clieve	Clieve is a POSIX-type application installer for the commandline. Using a mix of unix scripting, php and c++ to develop its full potential while utilizing xml for easy content manipulation.
cliffordlib	Lightweight Clifford algebra template library
cligg	Cligg is the attempt of building a new browser.\nWe are trying to build it completely from scratch. It should be highly modularized. The plans are to be able to support every graphical toolkit by a module.
clima	CLIM is a College Laboratory Integration &amp; Management. Desktop &amp;  web interface to manage all resource ( like file shares,installer,souce code, final project student, tutorial collection, etc) in a multi platform OS and multiplatform DB
climate	Climatology research and software
climate-tron	A system for correlating various sources of real-time weather monitoring devices in order to increase the accuracy of meteorological forecasts.
clims	CLIMS is a Laboratory Information Management System for protein Crystallography that features a novel graphical interface to a relational database. CLIMS has been reviewed as one of the top two LIMS for crystallographers by CCP4.
cliner	C-Liner is a RoR (Ruby on Rails) based fully functional message board comparable to phpBB, SMF, or vBullitein.
clinet	CLI.Net is a framework, class-per-class, API-per-API and algorithmic port of the Jakarta Commons CLI framework to the C# and .NET platform utilizing Microsoft .NET Framework.
clinic-analyzer	This software gives you at the moment what means any of that blood or urine analyses you do by telling what diseases are associated to high or low values. It&#039;s only for educational purposes!
clinicaltrial	clinicaltrial is a Web based system that allows distributed access to Clinical Trial systems, from the design of the protocol to the implementation of Case Record Forms.
clinicmanager	This is a clinic management system where doctors, patients and rooms are registered. The system then allows each patient to have a record as well as a treatment plan. The system allows reservations and scheduling. Each doctor can view his/her appointment
clinicmgr	This is a software for small hospitals and clinics that would help in general management, inventory management, tracking of patient/doctor records and other information.
clinicois	Este sistema administra las citas medicas que se desarrollan en una hospital interactuando con el medico y el personal administrativo. Este proyecto esta desarrollado para ser como proyecto de tesis de la universidad donde estudiamos.
clinicstar	The project Setup a domain model for Enterprise model for clinic management and provide prototype implementation with Web base appllication
clinicware	ClinicWare (F.K.A MEDiNET) is an enterprise manager for healthcare institutions. It can manage small-to-large institutions with functionality to manage all aspects of clinical management (patients, drugs/inventory, appointments, etc).
clink	Perl CoSY to news gateway, primarily for use with the Cix conferencing system (www.cix.co.uk/subscribe).
clinkc	CyberLink for C is a UPnP library using C for small and embedded platforms.
clinkcc	CyberLink for C++ is a development package for UPnP programmers. Using the package, you can create UPnP devices and control points easily.
clinkperl	I will open a UPnP library using Perl. I am developing oher UPnP library using some programming languages such as C++, Java, and C. It is a perl version. To know about UPnP, please check UPnP Forum.
clint	Clint is a testbed for static source-code checking techniques. It is currently designed to check C++ for common programmer errors and suggest improvements.
clint-sc	System calls command line utilties for Linux and all POSIX based operating systems. Allows direct command line access to many popular kernel system calls in text format. Makes a great internals teaching tool for operating systems.
clinventory	ClinVentory: Stand-alone package and Add-on module for existing EMRs to provide inventory and disbursement control for medical products and devices in a clinical setting. Medical authorization prior to disbursement supported. HIPAA compliance supported.
clio-ajax	A framework to develop portable web user interfaces with high-level usability. The UI can connect to server using several middleware components (AJAX, Applets, ActiveX...).
clio-knows	A research corpus for knowledge representation and reasoning, with problems drawn from the domain of history.
clio-mud2	Clio is a MUD client specifically for MUD2 (a direct descendant of Trubshaw &amp; Bartle&#039;s original MUD), but which can also be used with any MUD. Features include ANSI colour, colour logging, scroll back, function keys, command editing, and command
clip	CLiP stands for Command Line Poker and is a mini-game for those of us requiring ab break.\nIt is a Texas Hold&#039;em No Limits.\nIt is as the name suggest text-based.
clip-imp	The Clip-Imp is a flexible, extensible and customizeable web-based media management and delivery system. The Clip-Imp does a decent job of mitigating the oft conflicting issues with OS, browser, player, plugin, and media-type combinations.
clip-itk	Clipper/XBase compatible compiler with initial support other xBase dialects. Multitasking, OOP,SIX/Comix, SQL and ODBC drivers,a C-API for third-party developers, a few wrappers for popular libraries (such as BZIP, GZIP, GD, Crypto, and Fcgi), ....
clip-snipe	A basic MPEG-2 video editor for Windows that can trim out unwanted segments from clips. Can also save frames as jpegs. Coded in Delphi 4.
clip2png	Native Java utility that easily saves your current clipboard image (or screen image) to a PNG image file on your desktop. No setup or configuration required - just run the jar!
clip2speech	Clip2Speech is a VB project that reads aloud text from the windows clipboard.  It has a cartoon character with a moving mouth that stays in sync with the words being spoken.  As the words are read the current word is displayed larger.
clipboard-view	Clipboard viewer is a simple program that allows its users to view all data kinds stored in clipboard (as text or dump)
clipboardmshare	A lightweight utility to share the clipboards across multiple computers in a network (only text data). Does not require firewall configuration, or an installation. Just point to a shared folder. It&#039;s as secure as your normal file sharing.
clipboardshare	ClipboardShare is a Java-based cross-platform clipboard sharing tool. Data placed on the clipboard on any machine is broadcast to other machines and placed on their clipboards as well.
clipboardtodb	The project developed in Java with Swing, is a visual tool, that permit to transfer in easy and speedy way, a cells range from the Excel, Lotus, Calc OpenOffice, into a Database Oracle, Mysql etc... Simply with an operation &quot;Copy / Paste&quot; of cl
clipcast	Multiplatform network clipboard tool
clipclear	ClipClear, the great alternative to Microsoft&#039;s Clipboard Viewer! It lives in your system tray (by the clock) and uses very little memory. ClipClear can show text and images, and, of course, clear the clipboard for those of you worried about prying 
clipcontrol	ClipBoard extends the clipboard functionality on WinNT (2k, XP) computers by turning the capslock key into a clipboard control key.
clipex	WebClips sits in your system tray and assists you by placing clips of text on the clipboard at your request. You can define your own clips or download other\\&#039;s from the Internet. Clips can also be created dynamically using built-in functions.
clipman	Clipman is an extension of the standard clipboard shipped with Windows. You can store all the items copied in a list, send them back at the clipboard or forward to the plugins. If you want, you can also edit the images in the list.
clipmon32	A modern alternative to the Windows Clipboard. This application allows you to access your most recently copied items, directly from a HotKey (currently Ctrl+Comma) via our Intellisense-styled UI. Supports Files, Images and Text.
clipp	A C++ library which enables seamless interoperability between C++ and interpreted languages such as javascript. Based loosely on the boost.python project. A separate javascript parser is supplied.
clippercache	Clipper Cache sits in the background monitoring your clipboard activity.  When text is sent to the clipboard it is cached and can later be sent back to the clipboard from a history window invoked by the &lt;ctrl-shift-c&gt; hotkey.
clippings	Clippings, I have started developing this application because most Operating Systems only allow you to have one item of the clipboard, this gives you multiple panels where you can copy and paste text to and from.
clippoly	A C++ library for clipping polygons.
clips	Clips is an Eclipse based MIDI editor and sequencer. As opposed to most MIDI tools, Clips is specially designed for use without a keayboard or other MIDI input devices. A Clips project is composed of several easily re-arrangable MIDI-loops (clips).
clipscpp	A C++ port (a redesign implementation actually) of the CLIPS expert system . This will be done along the lines of the Java port Jess, but full CLIPS backwards compatability will be maintained (even to the API level where possible).
clipsecure	Simple, secure text encryption anywhere, anytime.  ClipSecure works with any editable text window that supports standard Windows clipboard hotkeys, allowing you to add industrial-strength encryption to your programs, e.g. your email client.
clipshare	Clipshare is a component based distribueret clipboard which enables users to copy/paste clipboard data to/from other users on a Local Area Network. Clipshare uses a discovery service, that automatically displays users running the application
clipsinterface	Interface and example projects for CLIPS on NT using the CLIPS DLL. Includes Web/CGI interface.
clipsit	ClipsIt is a screenshot tool with the capability of capturing instaneous shots and saving them in a user defined directory in BMP or JPEG format.
clipsmm	clipsmm is a C++ interface to the CLIPS libray, a C library for developing expert systems.
clipssharp	Port of CLIPS to C#
clipster	Clipster is a very simple network clipboard that allows pasting text and images from a remote machine. It has been designed to be cross-platform from the ground up, but it needs help from you for that to happen!
cliptastic	Cliptastic is a tool for Windows that keeps a history of all the text you place in your clipboard. When you want to retrieve something that was previously in your clipboard, simply find it in Cliptastic and click on it.  Cliptastic is written in Perl/TK.
cliptrans	ClipboardTransfer provides the ability to &quot;upload&quot; a file to or &quot;download&quot; a file from the system clipboard.
cliptray	CLIPTRAY is a small taskbar application that maintains a history of all the Clipboard operations. Then you can recover an old or previously copied element and re-use it with your own way.
clipview	ClipView is a Windows clipboard viewer that lets you view content on the Windows clipboard as text and as HTML.
cliquelib	Java library and GUI extracting cliques from graphs using different pluggable algorithms.
clirr	Clirr is a tool that checks Java libraries for binary and source compatibility with older releases. The Clirr Ant task can break the build if it detects incompatible api changes, making it easy to prevent accidental introduction of compatibiliy issues.
clish	A modular framework for implementing a CISCO-like CLI on a *NIX system. Arbitary command menus and actions can be defined using XML files. This software handles the user interaction, and forks the appropriate system commands to perform any actions.
clisp	CLISP is a portable ANSI Common Lisp implementation by Bruno Haible. Interpreter, compiler, debugger, CLOS, MOP, FFI, Unicode, sockets, CLX. UI in English, German, French, Spanish, Dutch, Russian, and Danish.
clist	clist is a text based directory browser and file manager. It uses the curses library for graphical display and the keyboard for interaction.
clist-ta0kira	Complex list management with an extremely versatile API. Built-in sorting (with abstract variants), finding, iteration, and element manipulation. Supports const-interface elements. Transparent &#039;virtual array storage&#039; (VAS) for large element typ
clitdb	Command Line Interface To Database: written in C#, provides a command line interface to any ADO.NET database.  This allows arbitrary SQL commands to be sent to a connected ADO.NET database from the command line.
cliteoo	CLiteOO (Lightweight OOP in C) is a framework and toolkit to write object-oriented code in C language. The feature is its syntax is very similar to C++ and supports simple reflection mechanism. *It not uses ugly marco (just like CLASS_DECLARE).*
clitunes	cliTunes intends to be a comprehensive shell script to allow control of OS X iTunes from the command line.
clivia	Clivia helps you test your Java UI SWT component.
clix	CLIX is a Python plugin framework for plugging in components and objects into the same namespace in a standard way. CLIX gathers components and or classes into the same executable space, and creates a databus for them to use in communication.
clixml	A schema validator for the CLiXML (Constraint Language in XML) schema constraint language. The constraint language allows to do semantic tests on an XML document. The validator is written in java and uses jdom.
cliyahtzee	Open source command line yahtzee game.
clj	The objective of CLJ++(owned by ChenLuJie) is to gives lots of convenient to image processing developers. This tool has been used in university&#039;s lab with many kind of purposes by researchers.
cljl	Common Lisp JPEG Library implements baseline JPEG image compression/decompression routines in ANSI Common Lisp.
clking	strateg-king is a free, open source stock technical analysis platform built on c++. including user friendly interface and many usefull feature for analysis
clkpp	clk++ is a program for automated typesetting of timing diagrams in digital electronics. Output is PostScript in original, but inheritance can be used to provide both for different output formats and interactive work.
cllog	CLLOG - german logging software for HAMs - Logbuchprogramm fuer Funkamateure
clmchrono	ClmChrono is a chromoter for runners to be used on your mobile phone.
clmmath	This is a math game. Version 1 needs installation.
clmschool	A Network Manager program specifically for use in classrooms. Uses TCP/IP, written in Visual Basic 6.0 SP5, for Win2000 +. Will be used for display of teacher&#039;s screen, monitoring of student activity and will be able log off and restart student comp
clnews	CoffeeLink Open News Server is an NNTP server written entirely in Java intended for hosting private discussion groups.  CLNews supports the current NNTP RFC including many common extensions.
clnportal	Clan Portal is a complete CMS for gaming clans and factions. Features, member signup, rank system, forums, site news with comments, downloads, clan callenders, newspaper, news feeds, and more! All features configurable in administration panel.
clntserverexec	General purpose client/server python execution code.  This code allows a server to serve a list of python codes to clients for execution.  The client then sends the result (literally the value of the variable converted to a string) back to the server.
clo	CLO - web based bulletin board
cloakndagger	Consists of a series of Perl scripts designed to secure and lock down the reading, composing and sending of E-Mail messages.   It does this using three levels of encryption,  being SSL, encryption of  parameters and of course OpenPGP.
clobby	Clobby is an Open Source Event Stream Processing (ESP) Engine.\nIt aims at processing large amount of real time events with in-memory performance, with the concern of robustness and scalability.
clobrunicus	A choose your own adventure game where the user plays Clobrunicus, strange hero in a strange land.
cloc	cloc, Count Lines Of Code, counts comment lines, blank lines, and physical lines of source code in many programming languages.
clochardcms	A CMS-system made in PHP, it&#039;s small with basic functionality. It has a WYSIWYG interface and a CSS-editor
clockapplet	Applet to display the current time. Attempts to synchronize time against an NTP server to provide accurate results in the specified time zone.
clockchecker	A multiple clock software, to help playing for example board games. This (very simple) software alows you to control the played time for every player and put a time limit for each person. It is inspired from the chess clocks.
clockout	Visual Basic 6/MySQL - This is a client/server application.  Users and Admin users can clock in and clock out to keep track of hours worked. Use it for a project to keep track of billable hours or for your employees to make sure they are at work on time.
clockright	Web based timesheet entry for ABRA Suite Payroll.  Provides calendar for leave time/worked time, approval by supervisor, insert into ABRA.  Pure ASP script, no component dependencies.
clocksaver	Screensaver module for Mac OS X (version 10.3 or later) that displays an analog clock.
clocksaverwin	This is a screensaver, written in Visual Basic 6.  I chose VB because it&#039;s free and popular.  It&#039;s a fun language to play with, and it&#039;s easy to put the configuration form right in with the &quot;Screensaver&quot; tab of the Windows Displa
clockss	ClockSS is a Clock ScreenSaver like application for Symbian/UIQ3 phones (eg. Sony-Ericsson M600, P990, W950)
clockwork	Clockwork is an enterprise job scheduler. It&#039;s like a distributed cron, but with more features like redundancy, complex job dependencies, and graphical representation of job schedules.
clockwork-engine	Clockwork is a game engine coded in C++ using DirectX 9.
clockworks	Clockworks is an RPG game in console based graphics with a complex story worth telling.
clockworq	ClockworQ Micro MP3 - Media for Minimalists :: CQMM is a deligtfully simple mp3 player with playlist support, volume control, and ID3 reading programmed in flash. Furthermore, it will be (in the future) easily embedable in webpages, as well as in a .exe.
clog	A simple, intuitive web log written in bash for unix
clogamp	The free cross-platform clogging music player.
clogger	A PHP-Based Content Management System or CMS which relies heavily on the PEAR libraries, specifically the IntegratedTemplate library to create a clean seperation between logic and content and well as support popular blogging technology.
cloister	Cloister is a Mac OS X application (Objective-C/Cocoa) designed to keep track of technical papers. PDF versions of papers are stored alongside their BibTeX details and it&#039;s easy to generate BibTeX files and citations for your LaTeX documents.
clojure	Clojure is a dialect of Lisp that runs on the JVM and the CLI
clonch	Clonch is an alternative to the Dock for launching applications.
clondike	Cluster of Non-Dedicated Linux Workstations
clone-debian	Bash script to clone the package state of a debian system, or, in other words,\nthe list of currently installed packages, to another system(s). It is fairly simple, but serves it&#039;s purpose very well.
clone3d	3D object reconstruction based on several images.
cloneanalyzer	CloneAnalyzer is a tool for software quality analysis. It allows you to find, display and inspect clones, which are fragments of duplicated source code resulting from lack of proper reuse. It can be used as a plugin for Eclipse and on the command line.
clonecast	CloneCast can reduce the bandwidth of the main source server used by the shoutcast listeners. Its users are able to replicate the stream to other users.
clonecvs	clonecvs uses the cvs program to create a 1:1-copy of a remote CVS repository.
cloneedit	CloneEdit Multiple Language File Editor. Originally planned to be a clone of UltraEdit.
clonegb	CloneGB is a Nintendo GameBoy emulator for PC written in C++
clonekeen	CloneKeen is an open-source clone of ID&#039;s classic DOS game Commander Keen. CloneKeen runs under many platforms including Linux &amp; win32. There are some improvements over the original such as 2-player support. Original game data files are required
clonekit	This is a template for web applications in PHP. It is not a set of libraries like CPAN and it is not a framework like Ruby On Rails. It is a survival kit which allows you to write professional-level software fairly quickly on any old machine.
clones	Clones is an IRC client which is used to test IRC servers under extreme conditions. It establishes multiple connections to a server and can be very harmful if it is abused, so if you don&#039;t have your own IRC server you&#039;re definitely wrong here.
clonesniffer	A java library intended to support the detection of structural duplication in various kinds of text (software source code, web content, academic assignments).
clonesweeper	CloneSweeper is a Minesweeper clone written entirely in Java. It was done mostly to improve my understanding of the Java language after 1 semester of OOP in college.
clonesys	Sistema de clonaci?n y rescate de Linux. Basado en busybox y kernel 2.4.27. Esta mini-distro permite el clonado de discos por medio de la red, usando NFS. Tiene soporte para la mayoria de las tarjetas de Red, adem?s incluye soporte para ReiserFS.
clonezilla	Clonezilla is a partition or disk clone software. It&#039;s similar to Ghost. Unlike G4U or G4L, Clonezilla saves and restores only used blocks in hard drive. By using clonezilla, you can clone a 5 GB system to 40 clients in about 10 minutes.
clong	A &quot;highly aggressive&quot; clone of the classic game Pong utilizing ClanLib.
clop	Command-Line parser for .NET.  CommandLineOptions is a simple C# class that uses Reflection to automatically populate member fields of a class with command-line options and parameters with matching names.
clore	Basic portable library of Common Lisp code
cloromail	CloroMail is a PHP/DHTML-based web email client or webmail system application. It features management for folders, contacts and user preferences; sending html messages by using a full featured &quot;hotmail like&quot;, but more powerfull, html editor.
closedbsd	ClosedBSD is a new improved flavor of The FreeBSD Distribution the focus point for ClosedBSD is Security We will also be fixing a bug that will natively support cPanel and Quota
closedshop	closedShop is an open source, free shopping cart. Based on Perl and MySQL, its aim is to provide all the features a commercial shopping cart offers at no cost. It is easy to setup, use and manage.
closedsrs	The ClosedSRS ActiveX control provides a Windows-friendly interface for registering domains with the OpenSRS registry.  The control was written from scratch using Visual Studio 6 and provides an easy way to register domains from ASP.
closenetsend	closenetsend is a little application which close automaically the net send messages. It&#039;s juste an example for newbies programmers :)
clostamp	clostamp is a very simple time stamp displayer (written in C and similar to osd_clock program). It prints current time on the X-display in the form like &quot;2005/01/23 00:20&quot;. To render the text it uses xosd-2.2.12.
closx	Closx is a clone of os x. Its intent is threefold, 1.Provide a way to get an os x clone, gratis. 2.Provide a means to settle legal disputes for projects such as osx86. 3.utilize newer technologies that were not built into os x for legal purposes
clotho	This is an open source Content Management System. The content is categorised in &#039;elements&#039;, which are inserted into the page &#039;template&#039; to dynamically generate a web page. Wikki-style page editing and special web interface for advance
cloud-pong	Cloud Pong is a pong game where you are a &quot;cloud&quot; and you hit &quot;lightning&quot;. It will have many game modes. Some of them are normal, hyper, tennis, cricket, 4-player, and 4-player hyper. (DEAD FOR NOW)
cloud9	Cloud9 is a web-based MUD client that uses the full power of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS in order to deliver a flexible, good looking, powerful MUD client that can run on any machine without installation, utilizing a plain web browser (w/ JVM 1.4 support).
cloud9ine	Successor to the cloud:9ine shell
cloudburst	A terminal/console-based Gnutella client with updates focused on providing faster downloads and better queue management.
cloudcastle	CloudCastle is closed, and replaced with SkyCastle.
cloudhub	Cloud hub is a link-level wireless mesh networking implementation. With cloud hub firmware, access points automatically find each other, optimize connection topology, and allow other ad-hoc wireless users to join as clients.
cloudmorph	Study of clouds morphology
cloudphoto	CloudPhoto is a light photo browser program from SoftArt-Mill. It is intended to be used in the portable devices with embedded Linux. It supports viewing image file,zoom, move,file management, slide show,image effects. Currently, It can be run on E680.
cloudquest	This is an easy (MMO)RPG maker aimed at people with little to no programming skill. It has an easy wizard interface.
cloudwiki	A wiki engine written in Python, backed by Sqlite, providing user authentication, powerful command line administration facilities and a simple, clear web interface for editors.
clouseau	Clouseau for SQL Server is designed to aid system administrators (SAs) and Microsoft SQL Server database administrators (DBAs) in the identification and resolution of various vunerabilities found within Microsoft&#039;s enterprise database server:
cloutmon	Windows (9x/Me/NT/2k/XP) tray utility that monitors the Outlook Inbox for unread email. An empty or full envelope is displayed depending on the status of unread email in the Inbox. It also removes Outlook&#039;s envelope icon from the tray.
cloveretl	CloverETL is a Java based ETL framework which can be used to transform structured data. Using JAVA technology it allows for platform independence. It can be used standalone as an command line application or can be embedded into other Java application
clovppp	This is for people who loves Console and wants to configure pppd without any tool ... just this! it&#039;s not a CRT program so you wont be graphically prompted ... just few raw questions and you&#039;ll be online!
clown	PDF Clown is a Java 1.5/C# 2.0 library for manipulating PDF files, with multiple abstraction layers to satisfy different programming styles: from the lower level (PDF object model) to the higher (PDF document structure and content streaming).
clownbike	Clownbike is a collection of tools and techniques for building web sites in Java. A design goal of Clownbike was to reduce the learning curve for building new Clownbike sites and especially for maintaining existing Clownbike sites.
clownsource	ClownSource is an project based on my first game, made in GameMaker, based on an tutorial, and now I want to create a bigger, better and more fun version, with some help from others, so I made a opensource project. Everybodys help is welcome, so join us.
clownz	A clowny FPS where the objective is not to cry. If you laugh too much you cry. Onion grenades, cream pies, and more!
cloxten	Cloxten is a digital alarm clock and counter. It is able to execute a variety of events and actions at set times, such as send messages, play sounds or music, show a reminder window, open a file, or execute a program. See Home Page for file dependencies.
clpbar	Command Line Progress Bar is a simple command line tool to display information about a data transfer stream. It will display the number of bytes transfered, the speed of the transfer, and if the size of the data stream is known it will display the ETA, p
clpp	Logo++ is an interpreter for drawing graphical figures using a small set of instructions. Though it lacks many essential features of \\&quot;serious\\&quot; languages, it remains a funny start for beginners in computer programming, particularly for kids.
clptk	A free Chinese language processing toolkit can make researchers pay more attention to the core techniques in this field.
clqd	Generating world-wide statistics about every single online gamer in any multiplayer online game which can be supported
clr-base	This project is intended to be an implementation of Common Language Infrastructure base technologies.
cls-pdp11	This project is an assembler for the PDP-11 processor developed in C; reads a file with the code and generates the correspondent binary code and show the state of the memory when the program is launched.
clscrubber	The purpose of the call-list scrubber is to keep a database of contact information while keeping the database compliant with state/federal do-not-call regulations.  First written in Visual Basic, now being rewritten to Linux in C++ w/ added functions.
clsi	This project is about the Chinese Linux Standard Interface.
clsimpletimer	SimpleTimer allows you to quickly create reminders. You can create and save an infinite number of timers, setting starting date/time, cycle interval, message to print (on an alert panel or stderr), URL to open, autostart.
clslideshow	CL Slideshow aims to be a small and fast desktop program for viewing and managing image files (.gif .jpeg etc).  The program itself is written in Common Lisp and uses Lisp2wish to manage the Tcl/Tk GUI for excellent cross-platform potential.
clsms	A system for managing desktop and laptop service maintenance history.
clsp	Userspace daemon for public hotspots
clsql	ClSQL is a simple SQL client to allow command line access to a database using Java and JDBC drivers.  This is useful for writing scripts on platforms that do not have native database support.
clss	Closed Loop Simulation System (CLSquare) is an integrated architecture to train, test and compare reinforcement learning controllers on different plants. CLSquare provides simulated plants as well as interfaces to real plants.
clt	The Chess Learning Tool is a chessboard intended for people who are learning chess, providing as much graphical feedback and hints as possible.
clts	xtermset allows you to change the characteristics of an xterm window from the command line. Most options have the same names as those that you would give xterm at startup.
cltte	We develop a free, complete, cross-platform TrueType font interpreter/renderer with antialiasing in ANSI Common Lisp.
clu	The CLU (CLifford algebra and Utilities) library is a C++ library that implements Clifford algebra and visualizes the geometric meaning of multivectors.
club610	The Szoftlab 4 project of the team Club610
clubchat	A feature rich chatroom for PHP-Nuke written purely in PHP. It has almost everything except the kitchen sink  ;) . It has user ignore, user gag, private chatting, public and private rooms, full administration ( boot, broadcast ), multiple rooms and more.
clubdata	A Club member administration tool written in PHP using a MySQL database. Clubdata is highly configurable, supports different membership types, a lot of membership features, mass e-mails, Excel-export, PDF-export and sophisticated authentication.
clubdb	A web-based application designed to help clubs (Toastmasters clubs in particular) schedule upcoming meetings and members&#039; roles therein, and track history of past meetings and roles. ClubDB consists of a suite of Perl CGI scripts and Perl modules, w
clubezoom	Site para uma comunidade de fotografos, permite fazer upload e partilha de fotos. Comentários, tutorias, anuncios classificados.\nPhotographer community site including photo upload e sharing, comments, tutorials and classifieds.
clubmailerphp	ClubMailerPHP is designed to automatically send emails to a list of users on a monthly schedule.  It contains logic to determine club meeting dates (ie. third Thursday of the month) and send meeting notices in advance of each meeting.
clubmanage	This goal of this project is to provide a object oriented set of tools that will allow for the quick creation of active content used to manage a club&#039;s information on the web.
clubmask	Clubmask is a resource and job manager that ties together the Bproc global process space system, SIS, the System Installation Suite for installing Linux clusters, the Maui HPC Scheduler, and Supermon resource managers. The goal of Clubmask is to provide
clubsite	A cgi program written in C. Intended to be used for the homepage of a club. It uses a PostgreSQL server to get it&#039;s data. It has a newspage, a calendar and support for adding ``normal&#039;&#039; pages.
clucene	CLucene is a C++ port of Lucene: the high-performance, full-featured text search engine written in Java. CLucene is faster than lucene as it is written in C++.
clue	The most comprehensive BeOS GUI tracing tool, allowing inspection on almost all of the BeOS native objects, 309 in all right now! Clue is analogous to printf, for BeOS programmers. Clue allows you to easily view printf-like statements from several apps.
clue-ide	CLUE (C Learning Undergraduate Environment) is an IDE meant to articulate the transition between introductory and advanced programming courses. It uses visualization &amp; code analysis to emphasize runtime and language concepts used in later courses.
cluedo	Cluedo, the murder mystery game in Java. Includes several maps (and mapping tools), AI players, configurable cards, sounds and multiple languages. In the pipe-line: networking support, improved graphics, and advanced artificial intelligence.
cluegame	The murder mystery takes place in Mr. Whitley?s (Body&#039;s) mansion.  Mr. Whitley is the victim of foul play and is found dead in one of the rooms.  It is your job to determine who killed him, where he was killed and how he was killed.
clumper	FileClumper is a utility program that will group contents of a directory into subdirectories, each subdirectory being of a size specified by the user. This utility is useful when taking backups to CDs or DVDs.
clunc	This is a easy-to-use Chinese Lunar Calendar Under *nix &amp;BSD.
cluspro	A program to solve the &quot;cluster&quot; problem while making plans for Dutch highschools. The cluster problem occurs when students can chose subjects from a list of subjects and resources are limited (time and teachers)
clustegil	LVS based cluster management system.
cluster	Clustering problems are solved using various techniques such as SOM and K-Means. The generic problem involves multi-attribute sample points, with variable weights. We use Genetic Algorithms to build a scalable, generic &amp; easy to use solution.
cluster4j	Cluster4J is a bio-sequence clustering tool written in Java. The mission of this project is to supply bioinformatics researcher an easy using platform independent tool to cluster bio-sequence database. It can be used to reduce database redundancy.
clusterfb	Clustering Firebird
clusteringdemo	This is educational software whose purpose it is to clarify the workings of different clustering algorithms by visualising the clustering process in 2D space. This make many possible problems and advantages very clear.
clusterit	ClusterIt is a collection of clustering tools to allow simple administration of groups of UNIX machines.  It can also be used to facilitate parallel shell scripting, and compiling.
clusterm	ClusTerm is used to SSH into a cluster of systems and execute the same commands on all the systems. ClusTerm combines a number of Gnome Terminal widgets (VTE) in a single graphical window and copies the input of one terminal in all other terminals.
clusternetworks	Cluster Networks are a new style of neural simulation / neural network modeling, that models networks of neural populations (&quot;clusters&quot;) that transform and transmit information using precisely-timed, graded bursts (&quot;pulses&quot; or &quot;v
clusternodecd	Development of a mini bootable cd image specifically designed to work as a cluster node for the media processing tool transcode and dvdrip
clusterscores	ClusterScores is a cluster benchmarking tool which automate compile, benchmark, and report benchmarking on cluster. This tool integrates other standard cluster benchmark tools such as HPL, Stream, Netpipe, Iperf, Bonnie, IOZone, etc...
clustersearch	Cluster Search, a program for genome-wide regular expression pattern matching.
clusterssh	ClusterSSH controls a number of xterm windows via a single graphical console window to allow commands to be interactively run on multiple servers over an ssh connection.
clusterviz	clusterviz allows to cluster three-dimensional data. The clustering process is visualized using OpenGL. As clustering algorithms the family of k-means algorithms is implemented, including mixture models.
clustimed	Clustimed - clock synchronization daemon for cluster systems and local networks
clustlib	The ClustLib project is intended to build several C++ libraries with basic functionalities for clustering in the context of data mining. The planned packages include access to mysql databases, scaleable vector quantization, multidimensional density estim
clusutils	The Clusutils package contains programs to assist researchers in their study of data clustering problems and algorithms.
clutil	Various command line utilities to process files, one to replace strings in files, dump a file in hexadecimal little endian order, convert line feeds, etc.
clutrfree	ClutrFree allows visualizations and interpretation of gene expression data clusters through data integration and ontological annotations.
clutter	Small Mac OS X app that puts CD covers on your desktop, as a way to choose music to play or just enjoy the cover art. Drag wherever you want, double-click to play. Artwork is fetched from Amazon or can be pasted in manually, and can be exported to iTunes
clv	Compiere.LV current and related projects
clw	Many functions provided by the standard C library can be dangerous to use. A new library has been created that provides an alternative which is considered to be more safe: the C Library Wrapper. The objective of the safety library is simple: provide more
clxmlserial	Xml Serialization for Ruby allows Ruby classes to be marshalled to and from XML, with an emphasis on concise, human readable and editable XML.
clydeapp	A lightweight code, document or file retention application maintained via HTTP. User may create new libraries, sub-categories and up/down load file. Ease of use is its greatest strength.
clyo	Clyo is a web-base application to manage some aspects of virtual micronations (as a list of citizens, an economic system...)
cm-etf	CM-ETF is an extension to the Common Music composition environment, which allows for output of musical data in ETF &quot;Engima Transportable File&quot; format, readable by the popular commercial musical notation software, Finale. Requires CM and lisp.
cm-unicode	Computer Modern Unicode fonts were converted from metafont sources using mftrace with autotrace backend and fontforge. Their main purpose is to create free good quality fonts for use in X applications supporting many languages.
cm2-plugins	General and Visual plugins for Coolmon 2. A System Monitoring tool displaying the information on your desktop with Graphs, Bars, Guages, Images, and Text.
cm2010	Software for the Conrad/Voltcraft Charge Manager 2010 battery charger.
cm2020	Software for the Conrad/Voltcraft Charge Manager 2020 (CM2020) battery charger
cm3	CM3 describes a set of plugins for several UML-Tools by adding\nvalidation-mechanisms to the tool. This enables the team to setup\nseveral individual validation-rules for their models.
cm4sd	CM4SD is a framework to create and maintain documentation for various types of standards.
cm4superpackv2	Graphical Enhancement Pack for Championship Manager 4. Includes logos, face packs and backgrounds for the game
cm4web	CM4WEB is a modular, multi-client capable, highly flexible and customizable CMS written in Perl. It&#039;s comfortable administration area let&#039;s you easily manage customers, sites, users, modules, templates etc. There are (nearly) no restrictions in
cma	CMA is a Church Management Application for the management of small to medium sized churches.  It is fast, intuitive and extensible.
cmage	CMage provides the ability to create an image of a filesystem on an IDE/SATA device and apply the image to a second hard drive of either IDE or SATA with a smaller, equal, or larger device size. CMage is run from a linux based liveCD on the terminal.
cmai	Software for control of interchange between university students and other institutions.
cmailserv	Email Server written in C#/C-Sharp
cmake	CMake - package for C/C++ code portability
cmaker	CMaker is an utility to automatically generate Java classes which mirror a SQL database table structure. For example, if given a table TEST whose columns are defined as ( KEY CHAR(5); ELEMENT CHAR(1000); ) CMaker will generate a corresponding Test class.
cmalucelli	File Manager é um sistema feito em php e mysql para organizar arquivos , podendo criar pastas e com isso fazer o upload de arquivos em suas respctivas pastas, deixando seus arquivos mais organizados.
cmanager	CManager - simple personal finance manager
cmancala	Mancala is a GPL&#039;d, ANSI C-based implementation of the ancient African game of Mancala (also called Awari), an abstract mathematical game in the same manner as chess.  The program is available in graphical and text versions.
cmap	Ingit maps 2 Polish format converter for Garmin.
cmapp	CMapp is a browser-based platform independent contract management utility, currently approaching a stable release. Features include automatic notification of upcoming contract events, permission setting, internal messaging and more. Developers needed!!
cmappcalendar	cmappCalendar is a very fast calendar (including an events management feature) developed using object orientated PHP. It is especially suited for websites which demand performace.
cmaps	A development framework that map database query, program logic, display logic automatically from different files. Also let administrator to freely map modules to directory. Targeted to make a better site mapping and friendly content maintenance system.
cmarnetwork	CmarNetwork, a file sharing app with chat/IM/mail, focusing on mp3/ogg music sharing. Created as a contribution to cmar-net.org community by SprdSoft Inc.
cmaser	An easy to use phonebook in PHP/MySQL. The first release was in Perl, and we have discovered no bugs so for. Anyways... A rewrite is planned in PHP
cmastermind	Mastermind, the game your always wanted to play on a computer ;)
cmath	Tools/libraries: analytical and numerical mathematical methods in ODE, PDE, Vector Calculus, Linear Algebra, Probability and Statistics, Numerical Methods, FEM, DSP. The current file release libham1.0 is for Geometric Integration of Hamiltonian Systems w
cmatrixbg	CMatrix simulates the display from &quot;The Matrix&quot; and is based on the screensaver from the movie&#039;s website. It can scroll lines all at the same rate or asynchronously and at a user-defined speed. It displays some txtz from &quot;The Matrix&q
cmax	A powerful encryption system supporting arbitrary-length keys and multiple algorithms.
cmbasic	CMBasic is a fast, small and easy-to-use Content Management System based on PHP and MySQL. The layout is completely Template- and CSS-driven and therefore can be fully adapted to the users&#039; needs. All pages can be edited on the frontend using TinyMC
cmbgame	CODENAME: Monkey-Bots is an educational and entertaining multiplayer game for the GameBoy Advance.
cmc	(C(C++) &amp;&amp; ASM) compiler...
cmclasses	Container of classes for PHP4 allowing fast developement of own project by using parts of this wide-ranged collection of classes.
cmd-basic	O cmdBasic, e um interpretador Basic via linha de comando, que adiciona varias potencialidades no sistema onde está instalado.
cmd-utils	This is a collection of small utilities written for use in Windows CMD scripts. However some of the utilities are also useful for use in UNIX shells.
cmdas	Concrete mix design application suite
cmdbgroep4	A Configuration Management Database (CMDB) which will provide dynamic content for registering and altering configuration items in a helpdesk environment.
cmdcalc	cmdcalc (Command Calculator) is a command line calculator designed to do various math calculations.
cmdcross	Simple command based game of &#039;Tic-tac-toe&#039; written in C++, should build on any platform with a C/C++ compiler.  Though only tested on Linux and Windows XP... Need I say more?
cmdevel	CM-&gt;Devel, or Code Monkey Developer, is a PHP5 Object Oriented framework that provides a series of services that make easyer the life of a programmer of very large Web Applications. It was developed for e-Learning plataforms developemnt.
cmdftp	cmdftp is a command line FTP client for Unix systems that features shell-like functions, passive mode, local and remote transparent modes, broken connection resumption, multiple and recursive file transfers, auto-login, and large file support.
cmdhere	CmdHere is a small utility that launches command prompt in the folder you&#039;re currently browsing when you hit Ctrl+T. Keyboard is power.
cmdinfo	A utility that allows you to use settings from the boot commandline or from /etc/lilo.conf using append=&quot;...&quot; in batch scripts. Useful for bootscripts that need to deal with different kernels (2.2, 2.4) for instance
cmdlineparser	.Net C# command line parser that takes advantage of .Net features. Simple to use with command line switches for common data types. Automatically discovers switch data type by reflection on application properties. Less coding, standard parser.
cmdlnprocessing	processCommandLine lets one robustly specify a command line. For each argument one can specify: multiplicity, isRequired, isSingleton, an alias, and a help string. The usage message is created and accessed with -h. For python or any with lang with regexp
cmdlog	CMDLOG is a set of utilities that can be used to track changes made to a system via a MySQL database.
cmdpad	Key event generated from a usb keyboard trigger user selectable programs.
cmdplay	Simple cdplayer with commandline interface for linux ( only linux )
cmdplus	CmdPlus Console Enhancement - featuring tab completion, popup help and all of the modern features of programming editors, but for a command line. A truely powerful Unix like shell for windows.
cmdtools	suite of command line tools.. useful for those using unconventional methods(e.g. inputting data into a mysql database via a 20mb sql file dumped by phpmyadmin)\n\nas at now:\nmysqltool
cme	The Concern Manipulation Environment (CME) is an integrated Aspect-Oriented Development (AOSD) environment that promotes incremental adoption of AOSD.  It supports both developers who want to use an AOSD approach, and tool providers with novel AOSD ideas
cmedia	C-Media 8X38X PCI Linux audio driver
cmeditors	CM Editors is a collection of editors for Championship Manager.
cmenu	Cross browser Javascript Menu system. Multiple levels dropdown and popup menu, tool bars, icons, radio and check items. The look&amp;feel is near identical to Windows system menu. Available in Classical and Xp styles.
cmetadata	Java interface for the Carbon metadata library.  This offers features not already available in the existing Java-Cocoa library from Apple.  Implemented with JNI in C.
cmf-artist	CMF Artist aims to provide a music-portal framework and classes for handling media content for use with Zope CMF and Plone.
cmfbttracker	A BitTorrent tracker for Zope CMF. Integrates a BitTorrent tracker in Zope application server and use the CMF for torrents management and publication.
cmfcollectorng	CMFCollectorNG is a Zope based bugtracking system
cmfie	CMFIE is a an application that allows Citrix Metaframe administrators to immediately extract information from their Presentation Server environment into an xml data source for further data management or to provide instant documentation.
cmfreq	CMFReq is a project to manage lists of requirements for managing software projects.  It is a CMF project, but is primarily intended to be included in a plone site.
cmfs	CyberFoxx&#039;s Media Frontend Script. No, it doesn&#039;t play the files themselves, just tells you the info on the file (BitRate, Length, etc) and plays it using the player you setup. Then again, how are you going to get mIRC to play AVI/DiVXs? ^_^
cmgame	Be an employee at a grocery store! RPG
cmgatec	This is a project category to create UPnP/AV media servers based on CyberLink for C.
cmh	a complete Small-Medium sized Company Management System
cmia	Security &amp; Privacy Complete is mainly a security tool for Windows. It can disable all services which might be a securit-risk, harden registry settings... Also included privacy features for Internet Explorer, Media Player, and of course: Mozilla Firef
cmiframework	CMIFramework is an Object Oriented framework which allows the development of Learning Management Systems with the support of Computer Managed Instruction (such as SCORM RTE, AICC guidelines for interoperability, IEEE CMI) functionalities.
cmil	CMIL&#039;s goal is to improve the state of input handling in games and similar apps. CMIL is a cross-platform, C++ abstraction of media input API&#039;s (SDL, DirectX etc) and input devices, with the specific objectives of improving flexibility and ease
cmip	Have you ever wished to save all your known IP addresses in a tool to activate the saved configuration with automatic proxy (de-)activation and script run before or after.
cmis	I am planning to write a Church Members Information System. This will be a web based application. And the tools used will be PHP4 and MySQL. The church office bearers can view, update, add, send email, etc. If you are a part of a church then you can pool
cmis-ajax	CMIS , this project was developed on java and thinwire framework, these application will be serve to the school or university to centralized there information system. and also can generate really time data.
cmiss	CMISS is a mathematical modelling environment that allows the application of finite element analysis, boundary element and collocation techniques to a variety of complex bioengineering problems.
cmix	Intuitive command-line audio mixer control.
cmj	ARCH is a free software for archaeology.
cmjtracer	cmjTracer is a small Java based ray tracer with antialiasing and Constructive Solid Geometry (CSG). It will be capable of importing various 3D and image file formats for rendering. It will also be able to render keyframed animations.
cmlxvc	Cirrus Version Control is an enhanced version of the popular Concurrent Versions System (CVS) which includes a number of third-party patches to add functionality and fix problems.
cmmcast	cmMcast is a content manangement system-esqe web portal written in php that allows users to manage mp3 data via the web, cmMcast can create .pls playlists on the fly, store profiles with favorite songs, and a hacked version of icecast will stream it.
cmmi	Cmmi helps you to simplify your installation process from &#039;.tar.gz&#039; source archives. You can be a package manager of your local site, if you are not an expert of your OS. Cmmi can make .deb, .rpm, Slackware and cygwin packages efficiently.
cmmps	CMMPS stands for Categorized Multi-page mySQL/PHP System. It is basically a organised system for entering data into various pages and categories which you can specify. Its very simple use, and uses heavy CSS so modifying it to your choice is easy.
cmmrpiidp	Compiere MRPII-DP plans to be fully integrate with Compiere. Is a MRP system to integrate company-wide resources and also has complete and detailed Pegging for all requirements. Fully integrated DRP, MRP, MPS, CRP, and discrete or repetitive process.
cmms	Linux based car MP3 distribution which takes input from a numeric keyboard. LCD output is supported but optional. In every case there is audio feedback. It is possible to jump directly to any device, album and song.
cmmsystem	CMMS is the Cross Multimedia Management System for nearly every platform. It helps to organize your multimedia files, like music, films and photos and can do a lot more with plugins.
cmnet	Human Resource Information System
cmo	Concurrent Modules for GNU Octave is a framework to help developing modular extensions to Octave. Modules run in separate threads and a timer module is provided as example. It is also the basis of Octave GUI Module that will give Octave GUI capabilities.
cmobiles	A new CMS made exclusively for mobile access. The project aims to make a CMS that allows companies to cater to a variety of mobile platforms, such as WAP and iMode, in one go. The project will also focus on data exchange between different CMS products.
cmogs	cmogs is a php/mysql based cms that was written to be a very simple and easy to use.
cmon51	CMON51 is a monitor for the 8051/8052, written in C and assembly.
cmonkey	C-Monkey is a project to give the linux community some good edonkey software &amp; Documents.
cmoo-j	cmoo-j is a software developement tool developed in java, where you can model your software using UML standard representations. It can import/export XMI and generate class and atribute code skeletons in more than one language.
cmos	A contact, stock and time managing application for small companies. The complete data is stored in a central database which is accessible by different computers in the same network.
cmount	These are scripts, that can be used to mount, umount and mkfs on files over the loop-device using dm-crypt for encryption.
cmov	cmov is a set of tools that work with the cmov ascii video file format.  Here you can find a cmov player, a converter to import from a typescript file, and a general-purpose cmov library.
cmp	The Community Media Platforms project aims at creating objects, devices, and systems that enable communities to share, distribute, and respond to one another&#039;s digital media. The project builds on two initial platforms: the Bass-Station and the CoDE
cmp-gestco	CMP-Gestco est un logiciel de gestion commerciale destin? aux petites soci?t?s. Il g?re vos clients, vos fournisseurs et vos produits, g?n?re et imprime des factures et des devis, g?re votre stock. Il peut aussi servir en point de vente.
cmp-n-merge	An Intelligent File Comparison and Merging Tool.
cmp3	curses-based mp3 and ogg vorbis player for unix-like systems
cmpbuilder	ComponentBuilder is a Cocoa Framework that allow editing of graph of components, in a similar way to Quartz Composer.
cmpcs	Kompiere Libero Manufacturing joined Adempiere project. Please visit http://sourceforge.net/projects/adempiere/ is 100% integrate to Compiere. covers all manufacturing activity within the various types of production environments. The main modules are Ros
cmph	Cmph is a free minimal perfect hash C library, providing several algorithms in the literature in a consistent, ease to use, API.
cmphrm	Human Resource and Payroll module for Compiere, in English and Arabic
cmpmgr	Take control of a campaign for US Senate in this simulation game.
cmpptmov	This project is to create some simple games and Movies in a PowerPoint format. Using graphics which are free and in the Public domain. They are created in MS PowerPoint/OpenOffice.
cmr	Cold Metal revolution aims to be a spaceship simulation allowing you total control over your ship&#039;s appearance (shape and texture), equipments (engines, weapons and cockpit instrumentation) and controls. It also supports multiple pilots per ship.
cmr-milter	This is plug-in to modern sendmail MTAs which queries the Cloudmark reputation engine to report the rating of an SMTP client in terms being a spammer or not a spammer, and add that data to the headers of a message so MUAs can make filtering decisions.
cmreams	CMReams is a Content Management System based on CMBasic (based on PHP and MySQL). The layout is completely Template- and CSS-driven and therefore can be fully adapted to the users&#039; needs. All pages can be edited on the frontend using TinyMCE.
cmrnsp	The CMR namesapce project. A collection of various C++ templates used for common tasks in a C++ environment. This includes a policy based smart pointer template, DLL (single and multiple) management templates, Logging templates everything uspports UNICOD
cmrpg	Online RPG based on the Colonial Marines from the movie &quot;Aliens&quot;, written in Python and C/C++.
cmrtd	Free implementation in C of the Machine Readable Travel Document standards.
cms	CMS (Content Management System) is a Perl-based groupware application that allows a group of persons to share documents via a web interface. Documents can be checked-in, checked-out, reserved, etc.
cms-4site	Perl-based russian CMS with multisite support using SOAP and mod_perl-powered. Uses MySQL DBMS. Scalable architecture with independent functional modules.
cms-bandits	The CMS-Bandits is a set of php scripts (optional with livecd), with online html editor, calendar, search engine, rss reader, image gallery, comment system, webcrawler and much more.. With webtools4larbin my cms is able to handle millions of webpages.
cms-cvb	Traducció al català de textos d&#039;interfícies webs del programari web de Sistema de Gestió de Continguts (CMS) com ara weblogs, wikis, portals, comerç electrònic, etc...
cms-firebox	Fire Box - Content maneger system
cms-light	Linux i386 CAR MULTIMEDIA SYSTEM based on Pyton (pygame mysqldb, etc) and Mysql: Mp3, Divx, Xvid, avi, mpeg, jpeg media supported
cms-manager	CMS - &quot;allaround talent&quot;
cms-mps-ajap	The Majickal Portal System (MPS) is a comprehensive content management system written in PHP, XHTML, CSS, Javascript and runs off a MySql database. The system features a members section, with user auth via email, multi threaded news system &amp; lots mor
cms-phenome	CMS Phenome - just 3 PHP files and a single table on a MySQL database - this simple and robust content management system gives you complete control over your documents, styles, and site structure.
cms-quebec	Database of open-source CMS in french language
cms-script	CMS-Script is a web application to compare a live server and a developement server, report the differences, and then copy approved changes to the live server.
cms-sunengine	SunEngine is a another site making engine and content management system. It allows develop sites quickly (for developers) and manage content easily (for end users).
cms-version-2	The goal of our project is to create an online course management system for college classes that will enable professors and students to communicate more efficiently.
cms-zero	CMS-Content Management System Webbased CMS expandable with modules -Forum -Downloads -Chat ....
cms1	CMS (Content Management System) provides a web based GUI that includes a WYSIWYG HTML Editor and full-blown SCM (Source Code Management system) spread across 5 subsystems that includes a Layout Manager and SQL Server 2000 database support that eases depl
cms100	How to create simple web pages  and mange webpages
cms2rdf	cms2RDF is a single PHP script which enables to export database entries into RDF format. \nUse this script, modify it for your needs and be so an active part on the developement of the semantic web.
cms3d	3D Online Content Management System
cms7585	Nothing to read here. It was just a small dream of mine, that I wanted to create my own Content Management System. I found thousand of them and so I decided to work with them. Maybe in the future I will do it. :)
cmsb	This is a full functional CMS blog, for public use. it has many features, here&#039;s some of them: full functional admin panel, user IP-logging, and a great possiblity of modding.
cmsbase	CMSBase is a simple content management system with basic functions.
cmsbinarybitnet	An open source Web Portal Framework / Content Management System application written in ASP.NET / C# for the Windows OS platform and Linux MONO.
cmsbox	Web Content Managment System programmed with PHP and JavaScript.
cmscout	Are you a Scout Master for a Scout Troop? Do you dream of having a easy to use, easy to setup and easy to customize website? Well, look no further than CMScout.
cmsdam	cmsdAm is a quick, scalable, secure, simple content management system framework written in PHP4. Useful to bring up sites in a while. If you have some basic of PHP, this software is for you!
cmsdeploy	CMS Deploy is an Apache Ant Task to submit files and templates to Vignette CMS
cmsdesktop	The CMS that looks like a Desktop.
cmseasy	A simple to use Content Management System (CMS) without all the complex bells and whistle you don&#039;t need. Ideal for use on small company sites to make updating easier, or for your personal site.
cmsfaethon	CMS Faethon is content management system for different web pages.
cmsfire	CMSFire is another Content Management System used to manage your website effectively without complications. CMSFire has been designed to be both light-weight, but still have plenty of features and options at the same time.
cmsforme	CMSformE is a Content Management System devoted to being of the best quality and filled to the brim with features, while still maintaing a high level of speed.
cmsframe	This is the CMS Framework project. It give you the things you need to build a modern site with an AJAXsystem. It is not like other CMS, because the Design of your webpage has not to be changed, if you want to use it.
cmship	An online Football Manager Game, that is designed to be browser - based play. It supports both multiplayers and single sessions.
cmsiki	A content management system with integrated support for various wiki.
cmsimple	CMSimple is a simple content management system for smart maintainance of small commercial or private sites. Entire site is stored in a single HTML-file. CMS is less than 50 KB. Integrated WYSIWYG online editor.
cmsinfo	Components for Mambo Open Source and other CMS systems for use at cmsinfo.dk.
cmska	CMSKA is a simple in use, fast and stable CMS. It can be used in already developed web sites for managing content.
cmskernel	Basic libraries of Content Management System
cmslink	Project closed!
cmslite	CMSLite, a simple, effective content management system for the masses.
cmsmadesimple	CMS Made Simple is an easy to use content management system for simple stable content sites.  Uses PHP, MySQL and the Smarty templating system.
cmsmax	This is a framework for site management
cmsmelborp	CMSmelborp is a PHP content management system which is intended to be a simpler alternative to similar programs.
cmsmr	Project CMSMR  -  Controlling and Monitoring System for Manipulating the &quot;Robosia&quot; Robot.
cmsn	Small MSN client with purpose to have many contacts able at account.
cmsnewssite	A content management system built using php and mysql.  Will be built to incorporate phpbb and all of its scripts.
cmsng	CMS/NG is a intranet Content Management System similar to phpNuke and postNuke but completely redisigned from scratch. Features include: flexible, theme based, modules, SOAP interface, Smarty Templates,  ...
cmsnuke	This is an easy Dutch CMS!
cmsocksd	Tool for keeping anonymity in internet, using chains of SOCKS servers.
cmsone	This is an optimal Content Managment system which can be used by all kinds of Users. This CMS features modules which relates and addresses to different individual needs. This CMS will be an enterprise class application designed from the root.
cmsonic	CMSonic is a next generation Content Management System that provides all the tools necessary to build a dynamic web site from scratch in minutes.
cmsonline	Innovative CMS (Content Management System) for websites
cmsource	CMSOURCE is aiming to convert Mirage Source Engine to C++. At first a direct convert, and then optimizing afterwards, while continuing to develop features.
cmsphp	Developed by WEBJAMY, CMSphp provides a complete and simple web site content management system (CMS). It is developped in PHP-HTML and compatible with a lot of database : MySQL, MySQL4, MSAccess, MSSQL, ORACLE, PostGres7, DB2, MSSQL-ODBC.
cmspider	CMSpider is a Java application that, &quot;spidering&quot; a hierarchical ordered collection of wiki documents, generates a hierarchical site with a tree menu (without frames). It&#039;s tailored for personal web-notebooks.
cmsplanet	Some modules for CMS (Md-Pro, Postnuke, PHPNuke) developed by cmsplanet.biz team.
cmsr	Powerfull and easy to use web based CMS. This CMS is written in PHP and fully object oriented. CMS Modules can very easy enhance the CMS core to unlimited funtionality. CMS Ajax-Module for faster editing and a CMS WYSIWYG-Editor are included in the CMS.
cmss	Content Management System for Schools - A web-based (PHP/MySQL) content management system written specifically for schools.
cmssimple	Simple WYSIWIG PHP based Content Management System
cmstatic	CMStatic makes it easy for the user to edit their web site online whilst maintaining a static (thus very fast to browse) web site on the server.
cmstoolkit	The goal of this project is to build a common toolkit of CFMX components used in most cms apps. These pieces can all be used together or separately.  Some of these components  may look familiar many where inspired by the macromedia spectra product.
cmsultimate	cmsUltimate is going to be a new kind of Content Managment System! More features than many other popular Content Management Systems!
cmsutils	cmsutils provides programs that help you develop, create and translate cms (Postnuke, Xaraya, ...) modules. Written in Delphi/Kylix
cmswithxamp	I wish to make compilation with http Apache clone server and CMS system.
cmsworks	Php and MySQL bassed CMS system, with shop, gallery, news, faq and mutch more.
cmswrap	Project provides a wrapper to stellent code from inside of stellent.  I.e. in the use of filters or services.
cmsxphp	A complete PHP driven CMS.
cmt	The Concern Modeling Tool is both a framework for software engineers, who desire to explore Multidimensional Separation of Concerns (MDSoC) concepts, and software developers/project managers who intend to develop concern oriented systems.
cmtoinch	This command line program is ideal for quick conversion of lengths to and from cm and inches.  It is simple and quick to use - ideal for comparing heights with friends across the pond.
cmtoolbox	NFS Export Extentension for HP MC Service Guard Clusters
cmtools	Collection of different tools using CeusMedia ClassContainer.
cmtv	A comparative map and trait visualization framework enabling visual integration of genomic data from disparate data sources and allowing rich client-side interactivity and manipulation. Extensible through plugins for new datasources and algorithms.
cmu-bid-euchre	A multiplayer online four player version of the card game Bid Euchre, based on the rule set popular on Carnegie Mellon University&#039;s campus.
cmucamj	CmuCam adli robot gozu, JStamp java devresi ile baglamaya ve yapay goz algoritmalari yazmaya ugrasiyoruz. JavaComm seri port baglanti arayuzleri kullaniliyor.  Sayisal goruntu islemek icin JIGL kutuphanesi JStamp ortamina uyarlaniyor. JIGL icinden AWT ba
cmucamlib	Non-blocking C++ (GCC) CMUCam2+ &amp; CMUCam Turret control library.\nInterfaces using USB to camera.\nCurrently controls tilt, pan and frame capture. Easily exhanced/expanded for other functions.
cmud	cMUD is a MUD (Multi User Dungeon) client that I&#039;m using to learn a few things about MS Windows programing. I hope that some of the things I&#039;m thinking in implementing are usefull.
cmugcs	Game Creation Society at Carnegie Mellon University: Approximately 50 programmers, game designers, and artists working together at CMU will create a variety of games, and make them available with variety of OS Licenses through SourceForge.
cmus	Small and fast text mode music player for Linux and many other UNIX like operating systems.
cmusphinx	Sphinx is a speaker-independent large vocabulary continuous speech recognizer released under Berkeley&#039;s style license. It is also a collection of open source tools and resources that allows researchers and developers to build speech recognition syst
cmut	This is a new C++ unit test framework based on the power of c++ template technology. The vision is easy to use, portable and flexible.
cmx	CMX (Common Model eXchange) is a model exchange format which captures all of the information necessary to represent an electrical or mixed-signal/technology device model, independent of a specific language or simulator, using XML and XSLT transformations
cmx-phpbbmods	A collection of phpBB modifications designed and written by codemonkeyx.
cmyconbox	Iconbox is a free desktop tool that allows applications to be started quickly with one mouse click.
cmysql	This application helps you to access to MySQL Databases (Query out your requests, make a backup of your databases, manage errors in a log file, ...).
cmysqlutils	This project was developed and will continue to be added to in order to simplify and improve the quick development of MySQL programs which should include features that can be considered useful utilities for MySQL.
cmzeta	CMZeta Content management system - Progetto Italiano
cn-bugtopia	cn_bugtopia is a Simplied Chinese port of Mozilla Bugzilla+Testopia project. It makes life eaiser for the Chinese users.
cn-rayd8-player	Adds internet radio player to any website with one line of code.
cna	CNA is a central notification aggregator that collects the messages from you servers. The goal of CNA is not to replace any monitoring system, the goal of CNA is to replace tens or hundreads of emails that every system administrator recieves from his ser
cnamoomodeler	IDEF0, SADT Modeler
cnblogsdottext	Cnblogs .Text is a multi-user blog system written in Pure c# based on asp.net.Easy to install, configure and use.It is another better choice if you like the popular .Text.
cnbloodline	Right now we\\&#039;re in a stepping stone stage. We\\&#039;re ditching all the Quake 2 code, so we\\&#039;re drafting some new specs. For all those that are wondering when it\\&#039;s going to be done, just remeber the famous J. Carmack line. \\&quot;When it
cnbya	CNB Your Account - an advanced user management module for phpnuke
cnc	A Chiese chess game developped with both Java and C++. And this game is based on C/S mode. You can form your own chess server to play chess with your friens all over the world via Internet.
cnc-command	Modular java based g-code generator API and AutoCAD frontend.
cnc-ftpbnc	FTP BNC. File Transfer Protocol Bouncer. Allows Any one to setup a Bouncer to a ftp server. Uses, mask the real identity of a ftp server, provide link over lans running NAT or etc. Proxy and FXP modes. Commands, or commands and data in proxy, data in FXP
cnc-ipflows	Cncr04s IP flows. Logs IP to IP contact, number of packets/bytes/time of contact. Ethernet mac too! View via local web interface. Very simple for those who want to view who your computer is contacting the most!
cnc-suite	CNC-Suite is an Free &amp; Open Enviroment for 2D and 3D CNC-Machines
cnceditor	CNC Editor - The goal of this project will be to design text oriented editor for CNC machines with simulation toolpath.
cnchess	This is a chess game programme in Java. It&#039;s only 2 player and no AI will be available.
cnclib	CNClib = Code&#039;N&#039;Crypt library. This is a suit of functions to encrypt and code any kind of file.
cncms	php content management system\ndownload the new version,\nsimplified chinese version:\nhttp://www.phparticle.net/download/phparticle211.rar\ndemo:http://www.phparticle.net
cncomponents	CNComponents is a set of graphical components to facilitate the development of applications in Java using graphical API Swing. Tables, combos and others components that help the developer to make your applications more friendly.
cncsharp	Tanslate the C# language into Chinese, just as r#.
cncsimulator	CNC Simulator is a Computer Numerical Control (CNC) lathe machine simulator. It simulates the path that the tool of a CNC lathe would take for a given program. The simulation is two-dimensional. with provision for final view in 3D using OpenGL.
cnedra	CNedra is an open source and multi-platform virtual reality engine written in C++.
cnemesil	Aqui se puede encontrar todo tipo de macros y scripts para el juego de mmorpg World of Warcraft, asi como scripts y otro tipo de recursos para otros juegos.
cnen	Networking in the social sense.  This project aims to create tools and utilities to support Consultants and Entrepreneurs in their work, both administrative and technical, by adapting existing Open Source and by creating new stuff (as appropriate).  Some
cnes	The Cooperative NES Project is an effort to create *The* Nintendo Entertainment System Documentation, Emulator, Debugger Disassembler, Assembler, and other useful tools.  The project concentrates on community contributions.
cnewworld	Very simple c++ programm. Written for personal education. Feel free to test and report errors or hints for a better version next time.
cnfio	cnfio is a library for reading and writing zchaff files (.cnf). zchaff is a boolean satisfiability solver (SAT solver) from Princeton University and zchaff files can describe adequately boolean satisfiability problems.
cniffxx	Generating documentation in &quot;docbook&quot; format from c++ sources by using the xml output of &quot;gccxml&quot;.
cnix	A Embedded/Education GUI system.
cnjug	Cnjug (China Java User Group) provides some util packages.Includes some latest technology such as Spring,Hibernate ,etc.
cnkt	A pro accounting software, OUR PRIDE!!! You can use it free. :)
cnmea	NMEA GPS parser with serial communication support.
cnms	A project has frontend for broadband users to track bandwidth usage.The user would be able to access the data from a PHP based frontend, have graphs for different types of traffic.
cnome	Expand the excisting JNome en Chameleon-framework with CNome, a meta-model for C#
cnphpbb	Translating the Simplified Chinese language pack of phpBB.
cnremctrl	&lt;b&gt;cnRemoteControl&lt;/b&gt; is a client/server based application to control your Linux PC by a Microsoft Windows program via network.
cnsf	CNSF(Common Network Service Framework) has a set of c++ class to make the programmer easy to write a common network service under the linux.
cnthunderbird	This project is to build Simplified Chinese Thunderbird
cnuke	CNUKE - To provide a completely open source and collaborative CMS system using C# that offers the flexibility and features of DotNetNuke and the performance of phpnuke.
cnw	This is ChatNetWorld&#039;s Modified version on the undernet IRCd (IRCu). It contains patches from Asuka, Lain, Boxen, and more...
cnwizards	CnWizards is CnPack&#039;s main products, with the English full name &#039;CnPack IDE Wizards&#039;. It&#039;s a free plug-in tools set used in Delphi 5 6 7 / C++ Builder 5 6 / BDS 2005 2006 to improve our development efficiency.
cnxaraya	This is a full traslation of CMS xaraya to Chinese.
cnxmanager	CnxManager allows you to associate actions with network connections. These actions will be launched when a connection becomes active and allow to change proxy settings, redirect ports, launch applications and many more through the use of plugins
co-create	CoCreate Office is a new branch of OpenOffice which aims at providing enterprise-class office suite.
co-link	Co-link project (PhP/MySQL) is a social software that allows the collaborative construction of multidirectional Web links. Surfers may create, change and delete new associative links in a hypertext and/or add new destinations to a link already available.
co2bessarabov	CO2 (Computer on-off) is a web based programm that allows system administrators to monitor the time when the computers in the LAN was turned on and when they were tuned off.
co2portal	CO² is a dynamic web content management system written in PHP5+ with database (MySQL 4.1+/5.1+). Its can manage several site/blog and developed in manner modulare.(the code doc is in french, but if needed i can translate all in english but it s big task
co800	Allied Data Copperjet 800 Linux drivers development
coa-dids	The goal of the project is to have a complete distributed intrusion detection system ready-to-install on a single cd-rom.  Using an iso image for the server and client with all necessary components installed will sharply decrease the Linux &quot;knowledg
coachbs	This will allow a coach operator to be able to book out coaches to shows and other events. To be able to do all the business need for that company. This will be a vb 6 program. I want it to be able to do the books coach plans and be able to plan the coac
coachcanvas	Coach.Canvas will be Gtk# widget/programm used by coaches (primarily ice/inline hockey coaches) to draw an exercises, tactic etc.
coachfriend	CoachFriend is  a small GTK based program to calculate sports statisticals
coaddons	My addons: MosCom, MosQ, MosModule, MosCmenuTree, MosDashBoard4SB, MosNewsWriter, etc. I will add more addons as I learn more and hopefully it will not limit to just Mambo &amp; Joomla.
coadunation	Coadunation is an open source Java Based Daemon Server. It provides an easy to use distributed, container based environment, with JNDI,JTA, RMI/IIOP, Web Services and much more.
coagula	Coagula is a Perl SDK for Quake3.  It will allow Perl programmers to create Quake3 mods.
coal	COAL - Code On Another Level
coants	Coants is a shell based script which configure and administrate different networkcards in the computer and is able to run on different unix-derivates.
coarse	Coarse (COM Objects for the AR System), provides an automation compatible COM API to the AR System (Remedy only provides a C API and a Java API).  It is compatible with VB6, VBA, VBScript, and JScript.  Based on the RTL Sourceforge project.
coarseknocking	This is a simple implementation of Port Knocking techniques. This sniffs network packets with determined keys and executes commands like firewall to open and close ports. In the client mode injects packets with key to server.
coastalwar	The West Coast is in Urban War and the year is 2010, Will Private Jackson be able to get his family in time to save them? Well play and find out with this FPS using the irrlicht engine. all Graphics and models will be custom made and no progress yet
coaster	Coaster is a cd burning application written for Gnome 2.
coat	A small (11 classes) yet powerful java 2d visualization library for realtime graphics, currently version 0.3. Features: zooming, scrolling, graph overlay/stack/distro, line&amp;point customization, labels, logarithmic scaling, greek characters and more.
coatexpert	Expert System for coatings
coatie3d	Goal of Coatie3D project is the development of a 3D graph drawer/ viewer. The purpose of graph drawing is the identification of a pleasant layout for a given graph.
coatnet	phpbb based CMS for coattails.net
cob	COB editor is a collaborative editor for biological ontology (e.g., Gene Ontology) building. Building on the idea of modular ontology from KR research, it supports multiple people to work on the same ontology.
cobalt	BOSS is a course management tool that allows students to submit assignments online in a secure manner. Staff can mark online and run tests on submissions. Plagiarism detection software is included and you may choose between application and web front ends
cobalt-dna	COBALT (COntext-based AnaLysis of Transcription factor binding sites) is a novel package to predict DNA-binding sites based on their cis-regulatory context.
cobalt-rom	Cobalt ROM source code - x86 BIOS replacement for Cobalt hardware
cobaltcms	CobaltCMS is a powerful, lightweight and easily maintainable content management system written in PHP. It aims to provide basic features as standard, while allowing highly complex addons and extensions to be written easily and quickly.
cobaltfp	Cobalt RaQ open source front panel support
cobaltraq2	Binaries for your Cobalt Raq2?  YES!  We are owners and users of Cobalt Raq2&#039;s, and we feel your pain.  Contributions and tutorials are gratefully welcomed.
cobcurses	This project consists of a Cobol interface to Ncurses using a Screen Designer utility. This project is being developed for use with the OpenCobol compiler project.
cobel	Cobel Engine will be a good game engine allow user to create quality 2D scrolling game such as Castlevania , Metroids and if possible , adventure game like Sierra adventure games.
cobelisk	Crystal Obelisk Forums- The next generation PHP5/MySQL5/AJAX based forums(Bulletin Board System). Designed to take advantage of all the newest features available to the popular PHP language and the MySQL database. Emphasis on security, speed, efficiency.
cobertura	Cobertura is a free Java tool that calculates the percentage of code accessed by tests.  It can be used to identify which parts of your Java program are lacking test coverage.  It is based on jcoverage.
cobertura4j2me	Cobertura for J2ME is a test coverage analysis tool for the J2ME platform (CLDC1.1/MIDP2.0)
cobex	This is a small implementation of the communication protocol OBEX over a slow, serial cable. It&#039;s primary use is to communicate with cellphones, more specifically the SonyEricsson brand phones.
cobianbackup	Cobian Backup is a backup program that can be executed in 2 ways: as a normal application or as a Windows Service. The program can schedule automatic backups for files and directories locally or to FTP servers and can use compression and encryption.
coblog	Small single-user blog. Written in PHP using MySQL and Smarty.
cobol	COBOL Utilities Project collects open-source COBOL utilities, libraries, and test suites, which are independent of any specific COBOL compiler.
cobol-dbms	Access DBMS&#039;s from COBOL programs. A set of routines for link on the runtime of COBOL to access DBMS&#039;s and a parser to transform .fd and .sel in sentences to create the necessary tables on a DBMS.
cobol2html	Analyzes programs (and projects) written in Cobol and generates information (HTML) for its easy reading, understanding and analysis.
cobol2j	cobol2j reads COBOL or RPG EBCDIC or ASCII flat data files imported from mainframes, AS/400 or Baby/36 environment. Packed decimal, zoned or packed date fields decoding included. Default conversion tables provided. See details on project &quot;Web Site&q
cobolforgcc	A Cobol compiler, implemented as a new front end to the GCC compiler.
cobolic	Cobolic is intended to become a libary of routines to support COBOL data type (packed decimal etc.) access in C and other languages.
cobox	A graphical library enabling to design complex graphical components and encapsulting the produced components in java beans.
cobra	COBRA is a small Java based application server featuring automatic mapping of Java objects to the RDBMS.
cobra-lib	Cobra Lib is an integrated ActionScript/Java/JavaScript API aims to provide a set of core utilities for RIA development.
cobra-wiki	The Cobra Wiki is an online collaboration content management system programmed in Python. Support for an extensive wiki syntax is built-in, as are other advanced features such as templates and namespaces. It is currently in planning stages.
cobrabanco	Library to generate pdf archive contend billet for the net bank Brazilian.
cobras	Cobras is a programist enviroment made for programers which are using\nQt libraries for writing programs. This program himself is also writed\nwith this library (4.x ver).\nProgram is easy but very functional and helpfull.
cobrascript	Cobra or Cobra Script is free, open source and new programming language always building and developing. Cobra was developed with easiness in mind being built in the BASIC programming language. Commands are short and simple.
cobrastats	CobraStats is a platform independent web traffic reporting tool written in PHP with a mySQL back end, for use with Apache.  It gives an overview of visits to a web site, as well as details of each visit.
cobricks	Cobricks is a Java-based modular Community Support system that is based on the Tomcat application server. The functionality is available both via Web-Pages (Velocity templates, JSP and Java Servlets) and as Web-Services (Axis).
cobs	Complete/partial system backup solution, targeting multiple medias (CD, DVD, HD etc) with support for making differential backups and a extensible plugin system.
cobweb	COmponent Based WEB Framework
cocalc	The purpose of the CoCalc project is to develop a simple RPN calculator application for use on laptops running OS X.  It has been developed in Cocoa and Objective C, although it may change to a PyObjC application in the future.
cocalores	Configurable Caching Logresolver.
cocasetool	A CASE tool provides a GUI design environment and code generation to support an XML-based Architecture Description Language (ADL). The ADL can be used to formally specify the software architectures of complex component-based systems.
cocchargen	A character generator for Call of Cthulhu, written in Java. Based on the 5&#039;th edition ruleset.
coccinella	This is a whiteboard application that is also a full featured Jabber client for instant messaging. Use it to communicate text, drawings, images, mp3, and any QuickTime content in real time.
cockatoo	A parallel programming framework
cockiptsim	Visual Cockpit Simulator is a flight simulator based on the flight simulator FlightGear, with support the GUI for construction of interfaces of aircraft cockipts.
cocktail	Cocktail is a light-weight website management software written in PHP. It is meant to work in very strict environments with limited resources meaning a SQL database is not needed. Because of its modularity you can create the exact site you want.
cocktailalccalc	Cocktail Alcohol Calculator is a little tool for a barmiss or a bartender to calculate the amount of alcohol in a cocktail or another mixed alcoholic drink.
cockycontacts	CockyContacts is a Mac OS X Dashboard widget that searches and displays contact information from the University of South Carolina&#039;s online directory of students and faculty members.
coclico	Cash register machine software (POS software) for small retail businesses and shops. Can manage numerous counters using a web based network architecture. Based on Open Source softwares (Apache, PHP, PostgreSQL).
cocms	This project focus on the CMS(Content management System), It&#039;ll will provide the workflow,Access Controll,template,search engine, and the plugable module
coco	A unique blend of arcade action and real time strategy, Copter Commander is fun for novices but surprisingly deep.  It currently supports one to four players via Internet play and is based on the game design of Rescue Raiders and Armor Alley.
coco-ruby	Coco/R for Ruby has moved to rubyforge for better support. Click the homepage link above to go there now.
cocoa	Cocoa is the core of the Mocha Project -- Cocoa + JavaScript = Mocha. The primary focus of Cocoa is to extend and enhance the core JS language. Other modules add functions for specific apps, like sanppy web pages.
cocoa-report	Database reporting tool developed in Cocoa.  Tool includes report builder and PDF exporter.
cocoa-smtp	&quot;Cocoa SMTP Framework&quot; is a Mac OS X Cocoa framework written in Objective-C that allows applications to send email, without using the OS user&#039;s mail application.  The framework is for developers requiring an Objective-C framework in their 
cocoa-units	The goal of the Cocoa Units project is to develop a comprehensive open-source suite of examples and regression tests for Apple&#039;s Cocoa frameworks.  It is our goal to be a major source of API and programming topic examples for developers interested i
cocoaccounts	A good opensource (and free) personnal finance manager for Mac OS X, written in COCOA!
cocoadialog	CocoaDialog allows the use of common GUI controls such as file selectors, text input, progress bars, yes/no confirmations and more with a command-line application.  It requires no knowledge of Cocoa, and is ideal for use in shell and Perl scripts.
cocoafibs	CocoaFIBS is a Mac OS X native client for The First Internet Backgammon Server. FIBS is a free online community of backgammon players.
cocoaftpclient	FTPClient is a simple FREE FTP client written using Cocoa for Mac OS X.
cocoagammon	A Cocoa based GUI wrapping command-line GNU Backgammon
cocoagenserver	A Cocoa-based server for general purpose. The server manage multiple connections and connect to MySQL databases. Can be used as a start point for developers to do more complex server applications. Try it using telnet ;)
cocoaheads	CocoaHeads user group software collaboration area.
cocoakb	Banana is knowledge base for Cocoa developers or for those who wants to learn Cocoa. Anyone will be able to share its idea, suggestions,etc. Banana is also know as Cocoa knowledge base.
cocoalicious	Cocoal.icio.us is a Cocoa (Mac OS X) client for the web-based del.icio.us social bookmarking service.
cocoamysql	CocoaMySQL is a MySQL admin tool similar to phpMyAdmin. It is programmed in Cocoa and Objective-C (Mac OSX). CocoaMySQL allows you to edit databases, tables (fields and indexes) and rows, perform custom queries and import/export data.
cocoanote	CocoaNote is a simple, easy-to-use WYSIWYM music notation editor for OS X.  Its goal is to be useful for composing and arranging music, while import/exporting to other file formats for compatibility and in order to produce pretty printouts.
cocoapage	A Cocoa - Based HTML editor, for free, using safari SDK for previewing.
cocoapaint	CocoaPaint will be a free and easy to use paint program for Mac OS X. It will feature all the usual paint features (brushes, channels, filters etc) and hopefully a few more, all wrapped in an aqua interface. The development program itself is designed as 
cocoapov	A Cocoa GUI for povray.
cocoaprefs	CocoaPrefs, a.k.a. The People&#039;s Preference Editor, is a OS X application designed to allow for the simple configuration of the OS X operating system and user submission of desired/known settings.
cocoapsql	Cocoa PSQL is intended to bring Postgres psql command line functionality to the Mac OS X GUI.
cocoasyren	Native MacOSX realtime, Altivec powered  sound processing application
cocoatube	The CocoaTube is a GUI front-end to the ffmpeg / mencoder for converting .flv files to avi files, which can be played with any media player supports Xvid and DivX.
cocoavnc	CocoaVNC aims to provide a fast robust implementation of VNC in Apple&#039;s next generation Cocoa API.
cocoblog	CocoBlog is a free weblogging software tool based on Apache Cocoon and Apache Xindice. It is able to manage a single-user weblog, stored in an XML repository and publish it via Cocoon. The use of Cocoon allows to obtain a nice separation between content
cocodonkey	CocoDonkey is a native MacOSX Cocoa client for the mldonkey daemon. It provides the basic useful features in a comprehensive and easy to use GUI.
cocoe	Contact Conductance Estimator (CoCoE) is a program that estimates the conductance (or resistance) between 2 surfaces in contact. It is meant to be used by designers and analysts of physical systems where heat transfer by means of contact is of importance
cocom	COCOM is a toolset to help creation of compilers and interpreters. The part of COCOM is an interpreter of high level scripting language DINO oriented on the same domain of applications as famous languages perl, tcl and python.
coconsole	Administrative console for Apache Cocoon.
coconut	COCONUT (COde COmprehension Nurtrant Using Traceability) is an Eclipse plug-in. It uses an Information Retrieval technique and a n-gram extractor to guide the developers during code writing to produce code that contains better identifiers and comments.
cocoon	Database linked components for Echo (future Swing / JSF) components such as Tables, Trees and Forms, similar in functionality to the ASP.NET DataGrid, DataList etc.
cocoonbox	An out of the box solution to see, how cocoon and tomcat works. No compilation or installation needed. Ideal to develop cocoon web applications.
cocoongallery	CocoonGallery is a Apache Cocoon based photogallery mainly written in XSLT. It makes it possible to publish images easily by just dropping them in a folder, thumbnails are generated on the fly.
cocos	The Computer Construction Set, aims at providing a set of virtual building blocks (gates, flip flops, adders...), allowing users to build and explore in a graphical environemnt logic circuits up to the complexity of simple proof-of-concept computers.
coctel	Coctel is a simple and powerfull tool to create web based admin interfaces. it&#039;s object oriented and had a wizard to create the administration panels. any person can create an interface of administration without knowing how to program.
cocunsms	Cocun Mail es una aplicaci?n que te notificara la llegada de nuevos correos electronicos a las cuentas POP3 que esten configuradas, tambien podras administrar contactos y grupos, e incluso imprimirlos.
cod	A RPG made in PHP/MySQL/JavaScript. Web-Based needs only a webbrowser to play. Still Development/Beta Status. Can need some working, easy to understand the sudo-code. Will be greatefull if could get the new patches to make it best.
coda	Docifier similar to javadoc that lets you write doc-comments in many types of languages (Perl, Tcl, Java, C, C++, C#, Pascal, Lisp etc.)  Output in several formats (html, LaTeX).
codalizer	Codalizer is a simple PHP script which analyzes your source code files (mainly PHP) and generates basic statistics, such as number of characters, lines, comments etc.
codavaj	codavaj - javadoc in reverse. A seemingly useless reverse engineering tool to transform HTML javadoc into java source file skeletons - or a reflection api-like internal representation.
code-analyzer	Code Analyzer is a tool to analyze your code.\ncount lines ,comments, code and more analysis.
code-blue	Code-Blue packet analyzer.
code-browser	Code Browser is a folding and outlining editor. It is a lightweight but powerful tool to structure and browse source code using folders and links. It is especially designed to keep a good overview of the code of a large project.
code-dump	Code-dump is an Objective C program that decompiles PPC Objective C programs on Mac OS X, relying on their inherently structured format.
code-engine	Code-engine is a code generation framework with plugin architecture. It is designed to generate code in any language. Each plugin uses xml based configuration in order to provide any level of customization.
code-lyoko	A great game based on the French show Code Lyoko. This game allows you to &#039;live&#039; in the world of Lyoko and &#039;act out&#039; each episode! Contains many movie clips from the episodes, as well as original sounds and music!
code-nav	Yet  another Fortran Code Browser. Modern Fortran (F66, F77, F90, F95...) More functionality: Code beatifier, link with other Languages. Modern design: lightweight, W3C Standard Compliant, Dynamic interface. Expandable through modules.
code-x	Open xml-based peer-to-peer movement to expose source code via the web without limitation or reliance on any particular server(s).
code128	Visual Basic .NET class to encode data in the Code128 data format (used for BarCodes)
code2html	Code2HTML is a perl script that converts a program source code to syntax highlighted HTML. It may be called as a CGI script. It can also handle include commands in HTML files.
code2pdf	code2pdf is a program that will pretty print a source code into pdf format
code2tags	code2tags is a project documenting tool it generates a html version of the entire project dir and puts a navigation frame for browse each file, works with many formats like xml, jsp, properties, php... and many more
code2test	Code2Test examines c++ code and automatically generates CPPUnit Tests from it
code2web	code2web is a toolkit for converting source code (Java,JavaScript,XML,JSP,SQL and more) to HTML with a wide array of features, including CSS customization, outline generation, automatic documentation liking, selective highlighting and more.
code4thought	The scope of this project is the development of a methodology supported by a toolset that facilitates the comprehension and evaluation of a software artifact. The evaluation would be preferably based on the ISO 9126 software quality standard.
codea	NOTE: This project has been moved to Novell Forge (http://forge.novell.com/) - GO THERE FOR THE LATEST UPDATES. Codea, the C++ Object-Oriented Development Environment for Apache, greatly simplifies the use of C++ in writing modules for Apache 2.0.
codeanalyser	generates UML from source code and source code from UML
codeanalyze-gpl	Code Analyzer is a java application for C, C++, java, assembly, html, and user-defined software source metrics. It calculates metrics across multiple source trees as one project. It has a nice tree view of the project with flexible report capabilities.
codeapplet	A Java applet-based shared programming whiteboard system, to use with any programming language with a suitable Java Virtual Machine implementation
codearchitect	CodeArchitect is now inactive.
codearena	CodeArena is a PHP/MySQL site engine for game and software development competitions
codeaster-intl	An extension of Code_Aster to add multilingual support to it&#039;s varying GUI interfaces included in the default package. Eventually, we also intend to extend Code_Aster by contributing command file templates and extending the analysis abilities.
codeauthors	The Code Authors Project is a &#039;tool&#039; project for phpNuke content management system users.\nTools may include Spam detection as well as an array of other useful functions not available in the core distribution.
codeauto	CodeAuto is a template based code generator. Any text based source code can be generated by CodeAuto. You can generate code from database schema/data, xml file, etc.
codebeautifiers	It is a BDS plug-in providing excellent source code formatting function and more. Also hosted at http://gforge.oss.org.cn/projects/codebeautifiers/
codeblue	Web Server Protection and Analysis Tool
codebook	Codebook is the premier object-oriented framework for VFP. It supports a n-tier design, and handles all of the common aspects of an application, such as validation, window management, menu management, error handling and conflict resolution.
codebox	Advanced GUI framework for Visual Basic 5 and 6
codebreaker	Codebreaker - a logical mind game
codebt	Code Beautifier is a tool to beautify your code. Make your code more clear and understandable. It intents to support variouse computer languages. Sush as C, C++, Perl, shell, awk, BASIC etc.
codebuilder	CodeBuilder is a powerfull software development tools.CodeBuilder gives developers the ability to create an application quickly with a suit of source templates.These templates are not only for Java , but also for PHP,C#.
codecage	Open world
codecoast-vcwe	A simple virtual collaborative environment system. 5 packages 1-Set up an environment. 2-Environment Server 3-Chat Server 4-File Server 5-Client Application *Chat *Task Manager *Document Editor/Browser *File Upload/Download VCWE is now usable
codecommander	CodeCommander is a code editor for linux with many advanced features.
codecompiler	A compiler and cross-compiler for (Currently) Cobol (with Fortran being added later).  It is intended to be the first self-hosted open-source Cobol Compiler, e.g. the compiler itself will be written using Cobol.
codeconcept	A variety of projects I completed thoughout software development courses that would be beneficial to other upcoming developers.
codeconnect	CodeConnect is a means of providing access to user-restricted or public \\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot;vaults\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot; under which snippets of code may be stored and organized into directory-system-like structure. CodeConnect is a server, client, and protocol for
codeconnector	Code Connector is a program that gives developers the ability to collaborate via the internet in a highly productive and efficient way. It provides centralized project and file management, multi-user collaborative text editing, and communication tools.
codecookbook	A code generator for software patterns.
codecopier	This project has been deactivated. Relevant code is being moved to Keel or other projects yet to be determined
codecourse	The project intends to create tutorial in &amp;#8220;High-quality programming code construction&amp;#8221;. The tutorial will introduce the reader to the contemporary principles of writing high-quality, highly reliable, easy-to-read and maintainable prog
codecracker	CodeCracker is a great little MasterMind like game for the Palm Pilot.  A fantastic little mind teaser.
codecraft	Codecraft is a software to organize online programming contests. it provides users resgistration,  portal to view the questions, upload solution, evaluate solution online, show result online.
codecrawler	CodeCrawler will make searching source code as easy as searching the Internet and as powerful as using a grep tool.
codecs	codecs.org is a project to collect and assemble various tools for optimized codec design and construction.
codedcombat	To build an OpenGL game using programmable robots.
codedoc	Automatic generation of documentation extracting comments, functions/procedures definitions or any line searched with regular expressions from supported code files to a single XML structured file. Supports recursive folder or single file search, multi-ex
codeedit	A collaborative code editor written in Java. It can also be used as a regular collaborative editor, not just for code. Also, like pretty much all projects on SourceForge.net, you can get the source. Note: v1.0 still under construction!!!
codeeditpro	Basic editor that is based around editing ASM &amp; C for the HCS12 / HCS12X from Freescale. Recently added support for PIC &amp; Intel 8051. Can also edit HTML/XML/SQL/C/x86. Full syntax highlighting for all supported languages. Endless build/assemble c
codeeds	A framework for collaborative software engineering over the internet, providing a &quot;matrix&quot; to allow the description and elaboration of cross-cutting high-level concerns (such as security, reliability, usability, etc.)
codefest	CodeFest is a tool, that allows users to sync their documents without having a centralized server for maintaining information about the versions/modifications.
codefight	codeFight is a programming game in which your robot battles other robots in both a real-time and turn-based fashion.  Robots can be written in any language which supports console input/output.
codefisc	This is a small program for know own &quot;codice fiscale&quot;\nQuesto è un programma per sapere il proprio &quot;codice fiscale&quot;
codeg	Command line tool to generate Gcode for CNC applications from DXF files. Originally written for 2-axis machines such as foam cutters, it now supports 3-axis machines.
codegenclipse	CodeGenClipse is a project for adding Eclipse IDE support for code generation tools. Currently available is CodeGenJostraca that integrates the Jostraca Code generator into Eclipse v3.1.2+. For installation help &amp; details refer to the project homepag
codegenerate	CodeGenerate aims to provide a way of automatically generating code (initially vb.net but other languages to follow) based on a database schema. It will also provide automatically gerated code for a variety of other purposes such as error logging etc.
codegenerator	iCodeGenerator is a database centric template based code generator for any text(ascii) programming language like C, PHP, C#, Visual Basic, Java, Perl, Python... Supported databases are SQL Server, MySQL and PostgreSQL.
codegenie	A set of tools and utilities that allow development teams to practice code generation techniques in a scalable and extensible manner. This is based on the style of code generation found in Ruby on Rails.
codegenious	This program is a code generator for web based applications which supports cayenne Object Relational Mapping Framework, any RDBMS and struts.
codegopher	An online bookmark manager using Spring, Hibernate, Struts, with a focus on information retrieval and clustering.
codehighlighter	A universal source code highlighting language to enable a developer to set background colors behind regions of their code to easily &amp; quickly distinquish between important sections of source.  The simple scripting language will allow for IDE portabil
codehunt	AVirCAP is a system for manual and / or automated detection of  CodeRed and Nimda type of hack attempts and virtually all other kinds of &quot;logable&quot; intrusion attempts. It can work stand alone or together with other additional AVirCAP machines in
codehunters	Codehunters.com is an Open Source knowledge base for Open Source software developers and as well as non-technical users. Codehunters.com will be using BitWeaver Content Management system Join the IRC Channel at irc.freenode.net #codehunters
codeignition	An Object Oriented, Model-View-Controller, PHP Content managment system.\nLean, Lite, but Powerful, CodeIgnition is build for scalability, and stability.
codeinsp	This is a profile tool, it will analyze your source code and give you data to measure the quality of the project you are doing.
codejack	Handy tool to create your own templates, manage substitution parameters and sets of files to apply templates to.\nApplicable for generating code (Java, C, C++, ...), documentation (Javadoc, HTML, ...) and any other file based data.
codejam	CodeJam is a Php framework written to solve common developers problems like finding libraries, and to write in simple way complex applications in the short time as possible. CodeJam is a framework written developer to developers.
codejen	A flexible code generation framework providing the infrastructure for developers to build their own code generators.
codekb	codeKB is a source code knowledge base. It was designed to keep all your patches, scripts, code snippets, short liners and algorithms together in one place where you can find them easily and fast.
codekitty	A content-management system written in Perl. Incorporates http web server, but can also be run through Apache mod_perl.
codelens	Code Lens is a Delphi/Object Pascal source analyzer. A small group of Delphi programmers have started a source analyzer project to clean up some legacy code. The project is based on Martin Waldenburg&#039;s Delphi parser.
codelibplugin	Eclipse Plug-In to store and manage code snippets, HowTo&#039;s and notes in a simple fashion.
codelibrary	Code library is written in visual basic. This application for programmer library. Almost programmer always using the same code for their project, with code library programmer can optimise time, because the code can be saved into database...
codelinage	Count your Java/C# code&#039;s linage.
codelyokofusion	This will be a full-version RPG Game of the French animated TV Show Code:Lyoko.
codemages	A multiplayer RPG, which concentrates on the idea that spells are like functions and make you write your own spells.
codemaker	CodeMaker is a visual and fast generator of systems Web based, in language PHP (future in JSP). Through the CodeMaker is possible to generate since simple form screens until advanced Intranet systems.
codemasters	This a project created for a project laboratory course at the Technical University of Budapest by the Codemasters team.
codemate	codemate is a eclipse plugin. it can stat code and create a result report view for code line number.
codemessenger	CodeIM is an open source instant messenger for developers to support code exchange.
codemetrics	CodeMetrics is a flexible and extensible Perl package to calculate general stats from code. Currently the VB.Net, Perl and C++ languages are supported, with C# and C on the way. If you&#039;re wondering how many lines of code you&#039;ve written, this is
codemon	Codemon is a testing tool that enables code coverage of C codes. It supports the level of Decision Coverage and Condition Coverage.
codemorpher	Code Morpher is a c++ refactoring tool providing stand alone as well as integrated (as a Code::Blocks plugin) refactoring options.  Supports rename, class member extraction and manipulation, and member variable encapsulation.
codename-alex	Standard Subs: Routines to make it easier to do common tasks in Ultima Online. Moving objects, locating objects, counting objects, using menus, tools and such. EasyUO docs: Documentation for the EasyUO language and everything related.
codename-marvin	Marvin is a java driver for Thoughtworks&#039; Selenium. Describing tests in xls and xml makes this tool a perfect extension for you continious integration environment.
codename21	This project is a software installation of Eclipse SDK for Windows.\nWith this setup, Eclipse v3.2.1 is easy install for Windows.\nCe petit programme permet l&#039;installation facile, de Eclipse avec un language Pack FR installé d&#039;office ;)
codenamebbxp	Community Driven Project for the UI and API Enhancements of phpBB, phpBB2 and phpBB3.
codenamesocc	This is a game based on Liero. It is like Worms (from Team 17), but you play at the same time. It will support a story line as well as a network play option.
codenamestimpy	Open source instant messenger
codenote	CodeNote will be an user-friendly and straightforward solution to quickly outline code snippets on your Java enabled phone. It aims to become a rich programmers notepad, full of features such as syntax highlighting and language keywords recognition.
codeometer	Code-o-Meter is a set schemas and tools for collecting and analyzing data relating to personal productivity, e.g. for the Personal Software Process (PSP).
codepad	Freeware programmers text editor for windows.
codepaks	Compiled OpenSource Libraries for Borland/Turbo C++ (like DevPaks for DevC++).
codepress	CodePress is web-based source code editor with syntax highlighting written in JavaScript that colors text in real time while it&#039;s being typed in the browser.
codeprinter	CodePrinter is a tiny utility to print out source code or other text files. Its main intent is to provide you with print-outs used in code reviews and to save some paper by fitting two code pages onto one sheet of paper.
codeproject	{Code.Project} is a project-management software for software-developers. With {Code.Project} it will now be easy to manage your current development projects or releases. Fully Client-/Server-architecture with an own server (based on MySQL) as backend.
codeputty	A healthy alternative to ASP, PHP, ColdFusion, JSP, for html templating and dynamic server generated web pages.  Currently used as the foundation for BlogPutty, a weblogger.
coder	CODER is a source code search engine for accelerating open source software development. In the open source software development, programmers frequently refer to source codes written by others. Currently, CODER is in a research stage.
coder-keymaps	Coder Keymaps is a set of hybrid keyboard maps intended for non-english coders. Every keymap file consists of two maps. Either is english for coding and the other is the modified native map of the coder. The second map is accessible via windoze keys.
coderacers	Project CodeRacers is a game geared for creative java programmers. It&#039;s main idea is that each player will create an own AI agent (the so-called &quot;driver&quot;). The user&#039;s driver then will compete against other players&#039; drivers in a s
coderedcount	This project aims to make a &quot;counter&quot; for the &#039;CodeRed Worm&#039; and generates a dynamically page with count information.
coderep	Code Repository is a Win32 tool to store and organize code snippets from any programming languages. Organized by languages and user-defined items (such as category, return value and type of code). It also support syntax highlighting and attachments.
codernet-cpp	CCP, CoderNet Clan Portal. The open source clan-portal from CoderNet.
coderpg	This project intention is to create, first of all, a single battle field for characters created in a D&amp;D style. Like other games such as Robocode(IBM) you have to program your own character. Imagine you program a &#039;persona&#039; and it improves i
codersbackup	CodersBackup is an advanced automatic folder zip backup system. Helps coders (programmers) backup their work based on filters, schedules. Destinations can be local hard disk and/or network and/or FTP. Special actions can be taken during backup.
coderushcontrib	Various DXCore plugins for use in Visual Studio.NET.
codesaver	A truly &quot;open source&quot; screensaver that &quot;types&quot; its own code (or other selected text files) to the screen.
codescouleurs	Une simple application pour convertir les couleurs des résistances en valeur numérique (et vice-versa). Ideal pour les eleves (ou professeur) qui ont un peu de mal avec les codes des couleurs.
codesetslib	codesets.library is an AmigaOS shared library to handle different codesets (i.e. ISO-8859-1, UTF-8, etc.) and their respective conversion. It provides public functions for applications to deal with multiple codesets and convert them properly.
codeshare-addin	CodeShare Addin is a Visual Studio.NET plugin for sharing code snippets in an enterprise. It provides menu options within the IDE to contribute and find code snippets from a central repository. http://weblogs.asp.net/nleghari/articles/codeshareaddin.aspx
codeshield	codeshield use 100% compiled PHP and a closed source execution engine to deliver the best performance and PHP source code protection of any Encoder for PHP encryptor solution currently available. The codeshield is the ideal solution for protecting PHP.
codeshine	A cross-platform automatic code formatter for C++ and possibly other languages. You could call it a &#039;pretty-printer&#039; for C++ code. It will fix indentation and can convert tabs to spaces or spaces to tabs.
codeshui	Code Shui is a plugin for the Eclipse Java IDE which helps keep your code clean and tidy. Code Shui will detect methods not being called and suggest removing these. It will also catch methods with too wide scope.
codesimian	Programming-Lang for Artificial-Intelligence &amp; ALife &amp; Audio &amp; Natural-Lang helps ANYBODY easily build programs. Windows copy &amp; modify self Code: if(ask(&#039;MP3?&#039;)sound(mp3(&#039;http://codesimian.com/a.mp3&#039;*(3.4 count)))) pla
codeslang	I have stopped developing this project, as I found DokuWiki to be exactly what I was looking for when starting to develop Codeslang. Sorry.
codeslinger	codeSlinger is source code editor / integrated development environment designed for programmers. It is flexible enough to be used with virtually any programming language, yet powerful enough to develop large projects. codeSlinger itself, for instance was
codesmithdotnet	CodeSmith .NET is a code generater application that uses an ASP.NET style syntax.  Templates can be written in C#, JScript.NET, and VB.NET and can generate code for any language.
codesnipe	CodeSnipe is a code snippet sharing program built as an Add-in for Visual Studio .NET which allows multiple developers to share commonly used pieces of code.  Developers can search through the code snippet library by category and keyword from within .NET
codesoup	Code Soup is a project to try and make evolving code like Tierra useful in solving problems. It is designed to have as little outside control as possible so that the programs evolve under there own variational operators.
codesourceproj	Code Source Project is a code library application. This application will maintain source code in a xml database. It will also have functionality to a web service to access any additional source codes from other developers.
codestart	Codestart creates a skeleton application including scripts, sprites, code and documentation.
codestat	This is a code quality diagnostic tool. It can output many stats helping to assess the readability, reusability of source. Its design allows easy implementation of new analysis component. Screenshots avalaible !
codestdanal	This project aims to provide an extensible, automated tool for auditing C/C++ code for compliance to a specified coding standard.
codester	The idea behind Codester is simple. Provide a free source code and document sharing application that uses a P2P (peer 2 peer - see http://www.openp2p.com) network protocol. (it works similar to Napster)
codestriker	Codestriker is a web application supporting online code reviewing, typically diffs generated by a Source Code Management system or plain unidiff patches. There are integration points with CVS, Subversion, Clearcase, Perforce and Visual SourceSafe.
codesugar	Eclipse plugin. Useful features like equals() and clone() generation, etc...
codetag	Provides a toolset and usage convention for Code Tags (eg TODO, FIXME, BUG) in source file comments.
codetastic	This will be a simple Breakout-style Java-based game.  It is primarily a learning exercise for the people involved.  Anyone who wishes to use the source code may do so at their own peril.
codetime	The CodeTime platform covers every aspect of parallel software from authoring, through distribution, to run-time. Its goals are: high programmer productivity; write once, run high performance anywhere; and wide acceptance.
codetohtml	Converts source code files to HTML format, with key word highlighting.
codetranslator	This is a recoder program that takes code in one programming language as input and translates it into another programming language as output. Conversion is between the shared features of Java, C++, and Visual Basic.
codeuxceditor	The C Unix editor is a user-friendly editor for C programmers under Unix Environment. It contains features like Syntax highlighting,Inbuilt C Compliation, Auto Keyword Completion, Auto Code intendation,Undo/Redo from last modification, etc.
codev	A group of shared development tools using GTK or Java interfaces for creation of open source projects or software development education.
codeviewer	This is a content mangement system with a web front end development system.  I want to enhance it to include plug ins into Eclipse and other IDEs.  The locking is not at the file level with current systems, but at the method level withing an db.
codewar	I want to build a platform that anyone can control an army using any computer language(c , c++ , java , python , vb , dephi etc) to defeat other opposition in anytime , anywhere .
codewar2	Code-War is an API and runtime for programming the Artificial Intelligence for software robots.
codewars	Codewars is an client-server game. You have to write a robot-program in any programminglanguage, which fights against other robots in an simulated arena. A musst see for fans of artificial intelligence and coding.
codewave	Code:wave is a ClanLib-based real-time strategy game similar to Warcraft and Command&amp;Conquer.
codeweb	Open source code for a wide range of software is now in abundance on the net. The goal of the CodeWeb project is to data mine software development experience that is inherent in this vast amount of code to enhance future development.
codewesnoth	Project to build a team that makes more maps to Game called Battle for Wesnoth and develops it.
codewiki	A wiki that can be used for documentation, but also provides an easy way to collaboratively develop code
codewiseblog	A multi-user open source blog system written in PHP.
codewrench	A Delphi language parser, source analyzer and refactoring API
codex	Code Extractor for OASIS Open Document Format files, such as those used by OpenOffice.org, KWrite, and more. Extract code listings from a document into separate text files.
codex-2001	CODEX is a javadoc-like tool to help you document your program. Functionalities provided are much less than javadoc; so it is also much simpler to use. It produces a decent HTML. Features include embeded HTML and code quoting. CODEX is written in Haskell
codex-core	Codex is a code generator based on a central MetaModel which can be created via multiple channels: reflection, Doclet, XML/XMI, etc. because it offers a generic Loader concept. The templates are similiar to JSPs and allow to use the full power of Java.
codexproject	The CodeX Project - The project is a eclipse base project.  When finished will be a application for reading / searching / referencing biblical texts (but not limited to biblical texts).  The source of these texts can be local or remote sources which are 
codez	codez finds information on zip codes and area codes based on current information.  It is simple to use, and should work anywhere perl is installed.
codfig	Object oriented configuration library for easy internal representation of configuration data to the programmer, and to allow an interface for outputting and inputting the data to and from many different file formats.
codfisc	Programma libero (Free Software) per la generazione del codice fiscale di una persona fisica per il territorio italiano. La versione 0.1.x funziona da riga di comando. La versione 0.2.x funziona con interfaccia grafica.
codfus	Constantine&#039;s Open Document Format Usability Tester, Developer Edition
codice	Codice CMS, a Weblog Content Management System in which a weblog is created by the web interface or through the Codice Web Services APIs Codice was built on AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript + XML) and PHP.
codicefiscale	Il primo programma di calcolo del codice fiscale in C.
codix	Este projecto visa o desenvolvimento de uma aplicação de treino para pessoas a tirar a carta de condução. Exames multimedia Online gratuitos para utilização ilimitada sem qualquer custo adicional.
codo	A unique persistence layer for Java.  CODO (Cursor Oriented Data Objects) maps generated Entity interfaces (suitable for DTOs) to a relational database via rendered SQL, reflection and JDBC Cursors where possible - avoiding associations.
codoc	Codoc is a documentation tool that allows you to write and maintain documentation that is *not* inline, but covers every function, parameter, etc.
codon	An IntelliJ Plugin providing powerful code visualization and ordering capabilities
codon-suite	A small program designed to code and decode strings of letters based on DNA.
codons	When planning heterologous expression of a gene, it is necessary to assess the number of rare codons that can be encountered in the gene. This program helps you find out.
codonw	CodonW is a programme designed to simplify the Multivariate analysis (correspondence analysis) of codon and amino acid usage. It was written in ANSI compliant C. See the README file for more information.
codpad	Complete IDE for the free Borland C/C++ 5.5 compiler. Contains all tools for a standard IDE. Also other features like Visual Dialog editing, Code browsing, Compiler error capturing/parsing, relocatability of project, customizable syntax coloring etc...
codpiece	A LISP chess engine designed to first be master strength, then be used as a platform for testing AI algorithms.
codra	CODRA - CallOfDuty(2)RCONAdmin is a .net tool for administrating your CoD2 Server via RCON.
codstats	COD-Stats is a JAVA log parser/PHP frontend driven by a MYSQL database for the famous game Call of Duty.
codsys	CODSYS is a GPL Perl/Web-based system for collaboration. The system uses a backend XML file for all data, and lays the contents out in a tree structure identical to the layout of the XML document.
codus	Codus is a comprehensive code generation tool for object-relational mapping. For a given database it automatically generates a full data access layer, web services for distributed programming, strongly-typed collections, and a full set of unit tests.
coe	Raise your very own baby dragon, and then go on an epic journey to become the king of Evanion. Battle other players, trade items, horde wealth, and become the most powerful entity in all the land.
coe-wiki	coefficientMakna is a wiki-based tool for collaborative ontology engineering and thus an approach to raise efficience in distributed ontology eingineering processes. It is set up on the semantic wiki engine Makna and the DILIGENT Argumentation Ontology.
coefficient	Coefficient is a project-based collaboration platform deployable as either a J2EE or a Web application. It provides collaboration tools as hot deployable modules. It also provides a workflow engine to help guide projects through their development cycle.
coena	This is a research project to develop protoypes and concepts in distributed computing.
coengines	Cooperative Engines [Co] is a game framework that makes building 3D games as easy as cleaning up your room (but makes more fun, thou). The framework is based on the Irrlicht 3D engine (irrlicht.sf.net) and the Newton physic engine (physicsengine.com).
coeval	An interpreted or compiled language written in C++, COEVAL is intended to be a guide for others wishing to write an interpreter/compiler/language.
cofale	COFALE: A Web-based open-source adaptive e-Learning platform supporting cognitive flexibility (an important facet of constructivist learing theories)
cofax	Cofax is a Web-based text and multimedia publication system. It was designed to simplify the presentation of newspapers on the Web and to expedite real-time Web publication. At Knight Ridder, it is used to manage and serve content for 30+ newspapers.
cofaxportlets	Cofax portlets for integrating the CMS Cofax under Portals, following the JSR 168.
cofaxsdp	This is a product related to Cofax. This is a complete portal framework with pre-built modules for serving large news media web sites. It includes a full enterprise class content management system and content presentation and delivery system.
coffeeadmin	a work order manager to create, organize and report them through a web interface, built in java using hibernate, spring framework, jasper and displaytag
coffeebeans	Survey coffeeBeans are Swing based JavaBeans for easy component based MVC application development
coffeeby1	Coffee-Bytes Platform support has moved to Google Code: http://code.google.com/p/coffee-bytes/
coffeehouse	This project is developing a Java IRC client library, Babble, and a variety of Swing user interfaces which are collectively known as Coffeehouse.
coffeemail	CoffeeMail is an email client written completely in Java,multi-accounts managment,os-indepent , spam-email filters,encrypted-email,mailboxes with highly encryption.
coffeemud	CoffeeMud is a text-based fantasy Virtual Reality engine (a MUD). It is mature, full-featured, tried, tested, and most importantly: compatible. It is a Java codebase which includes a web HTTP server, email SMTP server, IMC2 and I3 clients, and web Client
coffeetronix	Coffeetronix is the fast and simple Java UML workbench for you. It parses your java sources and creates an instant UML classdiagram. A colored version is  available for download. Your comments would be appreciated.
coffeeutils	Didn&#039;t you just curse aloud when you wanted to get some coffee, but were so incredibely bored that you couldn&#039;t get yourself to rise from the chair and head to the kitchen? Don&#039;t you think that it would be cool to make coffee with your com
coffice	Command Line Office (Console Office)\na collection of tools (shell scripts) providing a range of every-day&#039;s tasks \nto be conveniently performed on the command line, like\nemail, file, document, dictionary lookup \n(many with colored highlighting featu
coffynews	CoffyNews is a java-based NNTP News-client with support for Base64,yEnc,B-News, etc.
coft	COFT is a tokenized language to be used with RPG&#039;s
cogbilling	CogBilling is an online database driven billing system written in Embperl and using a Postgres backend.  CogBilling integrates with GnuCash and is intended to be useful for any professional services organization.
cogcasestudy	Web-based tool to create and run case studies for learning and training.
cogen	Cogen: A command line script for generating cover letters for jobseeking.
cogengine	The Cog Engine Project is aimed at simplifying the creation of online video games. The goal is to create a flexible and powerful online gaming engine whose format is simple enough for use by individuals with no programming experience.
coggs	Coggs is an application to track changes in system configuration files automatically, along with a user-friendly web front-end to monitor the changes.
cogitant	CoGITaNT is a C++ library for developing conceptual graphs applications, and a conceptual graph editor.
cogito	Project Cogito is a artificial intelligence infrastructure to aid the development of thinking machines. It will provide the ability to create virtual worlds with loadable objects that brains can interact with. Administrative interfaces will be provided.
cogitopop	This application is an email ( POP3/SMTP ) application built with eclipse 3.1.1. It shows the power of eclipse to build RCP apps. It is using the embedded version of Derby as the DBMS
cogkit	A community repository to develop Commodity Grid (CoG) Software for the access of Grids, through high level interfaces. The main repository is maintained at http://www.cogkit.org
cognac	Cognac Strategic is an effort to implement and document and Turn Based Strategy Game Engine allowing the development of Open Source games similar to Master of Orion, Stars! and Civilization.
cognatio	Cognatio enables quick online process dump for carrier-grade systems. Typically online core dump creation requires to stop process for while, and this isn&#039;t enough for mission-critical systems. Cognation enables it by using Copy-On-Write approach.
cognet	The goal of the Cognet++ project is to compatibly extend Cognet (http://shrug.csl.uiuc.edu/~sachs/hiptop/), a messaging proxy/server for unreliable network links. It&#039;s current use is as an IRC client for the Danger Hiptop Smartphone.
cognisec-fw	CogniSec Enterprise Firewall is a project designed to create an entirely open source, feature-rich, enterprise firewall and VPN gateway.
cognitivearm	CognitiveArm software allows for easy control of servo motors via the Parallax Servo Controller (PSC) module, and obtaining sensor readings from the Control/Feedback module. The primary use is for the SG5-UT robotic arm.
cognito	A template based CMS designed for ease of use while allowing as much flexibility as possible. Features: Real html file templates, unlimited content areas, content management on-page, dynamic content (polls, rss etc) via plugins, and time-based publishing
cognito-ontmap	COGNITO is an ontology mapping tool, designed to map between ontologies described in Web Ontology Language (OWL). It provides required user interface to design a mapping , and also API to handle automatic translation based on the mapping definition.
cognosco	A personal education discovery tool.  Users define a topic they wish to learn, and the application leads them through discovery activities until they&#039;ve covered all the elements needed to know the topic.
cogontology	This project is dedicated to the collaborative development of a formal ontology for cognitive and psychological processes.
cogosx	Cog is an audio player for Mac OS X written with Cocoa. It supports many popular file formats, including Ogg Vorbis, Flac, Musepack, Mp3, and Monkeys Audio.
cogroo	CoGrOO (An OpenOffice.org Grammar Checker), the only open source Portuguese grammar checker that can be used with OpenOffice.org.
cogs	The overall task of this project is to enable researchers to mine for the full gene sequences and all available gene features annotation (such as coding sequence start, exon/intron junctions, etc.  in the publicl availale databases (such as genebank, ens
cogunity	COG is an easy to use and maintain system for creating webcommunities where users can interact with each other. Highly customizable and easy to develop for and use.
cohchecker	This project aims to create a utility program that resides in System Tray and shows the server status of CoH servers graphically to user.
cohcovstatus	Track your City of Heroes/Villains in-game status and characters for others to view.
cohdemomaker	Program to (when finished) create .cohdemo files from the game City of Heroes (www.cityofheroes.com), artifically. Currently working to make the program create a demo file that will run as well as a file created by the game itself.
coherence	Coherence is an advanced Content Management System build on top of Zope. Coherence has site-, user- and filemanagement. Some of the special features are a WYSIWYG page-editor with a drag and drop interface, versioncontrol, workflow and linkmanagement.
coherentmk	Coherent MK is a Java based microkernel framework.
coherentnucleus	Coherent Nucleus is a Java classloader implementation which is used to build executable jar files which contain other jar files that need to be included in the application&#039;s classpath via the manifest file&#039;s Class-Path attribute.
cohmapapp	COHMapApp is a replacement for the in-game City of Heroes map window.
coid	COID is a C++ object-serving networking library, with tool that automatically generates lightweight communication layer directly from the C++ class declarations.
coil	Coil is an MVC framework for Python. It is based on the design of Struts, and supports many of the same API&#039;s.
coin-op-web-pc	We are going to develop a linux software to control the Internet cafe or internet kiosk, it will work for Weavefuture multi coin acceptor AK5 and Weavefuture Internet Cafe Kiosk Board.\nIt will turn your old pc into linux coin op internet cafe or kiosk.
coinbeast	An extensible, open-source, distributed file and service sharing servent.  It works by loading a list of shared files instead of processing search queries to maintain high download speeds.  Written in Python and C.  For use on any platform supported by P
coinche7	Coinche7 is a multiplayer card game based on Belote.
coinchenet	Jeu de belote coinchée en réseau
coindesigner	Coindesigner is a RAD enviroment to build 3D scenes based in openInventor, just using drag&amp;drop and updating changes on the fly. An external multiplatform viewer allows to distribute the scene without need of the RAD.
coinjema	A small library that provides a powerful and container-less Dependency-Injection mechanism, via AspectJ and Groovy. If you are tired of reams of XML configuration files, managing complex factories and containers, this non-API solution may appeal to you.
coins	This project attempts to address the lack of free tools with which to maintain a coin research/inventory system.  It takes the Scientific Image Database code and attempts to customize it for the purpose of keeping track of numismatic images and info.
cojen	Dynamic Java bytecode generation and disassembly tools. A builder allows code to be generated more easily, instead of having to select exact instructions. Utility classes are provided which demonstrate the code generator and loader.
cokios	Cokios provides generic features for online shopping sites, such as catalog browsing, placing orders, and full text search.\n\nBased on Java EE, highlights include easy customization through the Spring framework and an event-driven communications approach.
cola	Cola is a simple, weak-typed, object-oriented scripting language and execution library. Easy to learn, easy to implement, easy to read, can be dropped in to practically anything, and carries a very small memory footprint.
colab	Easy to handle but powerfull issue tracking system. Trying to provide Jira features without the drawback of this system including being not really OS.\nMain Features:\n- Easy deployment\n- User convenience in mind\n- and more, but textarea too short ;)
colabbs	This is a Java implemented Bulletin Board System. Clients could use either Telnet or Browser to connect to this server. This system contains several servers: Telnet daemon, proprietary Java Applet C/S, NNTP Client to access News Server and SMTP C/S.
colabkate	A collaborative editor based on kate.
colabora	COLABORA project provides a tool for creating collaborative webpages in wich you can comment, rate, add prices, search...  a given object&#039;s models such as running shoes, cars, linux distributions, laptops....
colabore	Colabore is a stylish, web based group collaboration portal that offers role management, administrative grouping, intra-group messaging, message styles, blogging (non-RSS), personal image galleries, with the ability to publish Internet visible content.
colander	Colander is a Java application which acts as a scripted personal Internet agent (performance of arbitrary scripted tasks through the provided framework.)  Access is possible through a standard web browser.
colaps	Generator system for lexical and syntactical analysis based on (tabled) Prolog.
colavision	Project Cv is an extensible, format- and platform-agnostic distributed system for announcing, searching, filtering and viewing digital media metadata.
colcodegen	A generator for strongly typed .NET collections.  Templates will define exactly how the code appears for each language and for each type of collection.
colcows	ColCOWS (Collective CORBA Object Workspace) is a C++ library for the management of process groups and the CORBA object references they host. It manages the creation of distributed or parallel workspaces, the connection and the exchange of references.
cold	cold insert, overwrite or delete columns in text files. Task is performed by inserting, overwriting or deleting caracters on lines. Lines to be processed are selected based on line number and/or regexp matching.
coldb	COLD is a library database. A simple C++ program to store information on Books, Students and lent books. It demonstrates basic object oriented functionality such as pointers and classes. No permanent storage mechanism is implemented. Feel free to use any
coldbbs	Project is aimed to make a complete and interactive message board in cold fusion. The first cold fusion message that was free!
coldbeer	MUD client for use with the Discworld MUD, if it works for any other MUDs that&#039;s a bonus!
coldbeer-gtk	ColdBeer-GTK is a gtk version of the coldbeer mud client. It is an MXP enabled client and developed loosely to fit the discworld mud (disworld.atuin.net)
coldblog	Coldfusion blogging software, mulitple blogs, machii, links and file upload per entry, css temlating.
coldet	This library is an effort to provide a collision detection library for generic polyhedra. Its purpose is mainly for 3D games where accurate detection is needed between two non-simple objects.
coldetdotnet	ColDet.Net is an open source library for enabling .NET developers to use the highly effective ColDet collision detection library (http://coldet.sourceforge.net)
coldevtool	This 3D data mining tool is a prototype &quot;decision support tool&quot; to aid in collection development by revealing the 3D structure of relationships among retrieved items from registered patterns of user retrieval.
coldfire-game	Coldfire is a Space Simulation Adventure game. The player will be involved in combat and space flight, navigating asteroid fields and performing hair raising maneuvers. There will be multi player support for dogfights against AI and humans.
coldframe	ColdFrame generates Ada framework code and documentation from UML models.
coldlinux	Embedded operating system for the Coldfire MCF5485, based in Linux. and single board development, board supports BusCan, USB, and Ethernet. The USB will be connected to a USB Hub, and linux image will be loaded from a pendrive.
coldmetal	A Bare Metal Universal Provisioning Toolkit supporting Redhat/anaconda and Solaris(PXE and Sparc) OS Scripted Installation and Post-Install provisioning, hooks into existing OS tools and extentions. Focus is on automation for turn-key installations.
coldportal	Cold Portal is a full featured Cold Fusion Portal system.
coldstats	A member-based, DB-backed stats program for the Counter-Strike mod of Half-Life.
coldstore	Gigabyte-scale persistent object Store in C++. Able to intern and persist arbitrary ELF loadble objects.  Convenient class library (Lists, Strings, Dicts, Namespaces, etc.) optimised for spatial locality of reference.  Virtual machine toolkit.
coldsync-python	coldsync-python is a set of Python modules that allows you to parse Palm PDB databases, and write conduits for ColdSync, a tool for synchronizing PalmOS devices with Unix/Linux workstations, using the Python language.
coldunit	ColdUnit is a unit testing framework for ColdFusion. It is based upon the xUnit family of testing frameworks. Its simplicity and power make it a practical unit testing tool for ColdFusion, compatible with both ColdFusion 5 and MX.
coldwar	Cold War: Renascence is not only one more of thousands of Massivly Multiplayer Online Games; there is one huge difference: It is easy to host, because it is designed for only one simple ASP.NET Server + SQL Server with no special services running at it.
coldwiki	Wiki Engine for Macromedia ColdFusion
colearthelpdesk	Coleart Help Desk allows you to easily and swiftly control Customer Service through your company website. With a range of features such as FAQ&#039;s and Tickets, the Coleart Help Desk will ensure the happiness of your customers.
colegio	The Secundary School Management Information System - Colegio - is a system that aims to simplify the manegement of all necessary information in a Secondary School. The system will be written using gcc 3.2-7 compiler and Qt 3.0 GPL Edition.
colegios	Colegios is an advanced student maintenance management tool. It incorporates best practices and result-oriented methods followed in various departments of school/education institution.
colen	Office Collaboration Environment is a client based on the Collaboration Environment for JXTA working on projects with a team, and everything that has to do with project management
colesys	School system for managing students,register payments, etc.
colfi	Collaborative Filtering in Dating Services
colfs	colfs unifies multiple storage locations into single file hierarchy.
colgui	ColGUI is an Open Source distributed web-based GUI builder aimed at increasing designer collaboration on GUI projects.  It can read Glade XML layouts and translate them into an interactive DHTML format for lightweight user interactions.
colibri	The Colibri Widgets are based on curses (pure C with OO facilities). The integrated xml parser should make it easy to develop your own curses application.
colibricrm	ColibriCRM is a J2EE portal allowing a company to deal with their contacts. Modules will allow you to manage support, contracts and others data.
colimamud	El ORIGINAL ColimaMUD basado en CircleMUD, traducido al espa?ol y modificado par adaptarse a nuestros gustos.
colimas	Colimas is a Component Library Management System. The objective is to store all reusable resets for enterprises or organizations and to help all developers to know where and how to get the needed components and reduce understanding time for project maint
colinbase	this project is use Struts Spring Hibernate integration framework . include Code Generation and a TableList Tag etc.
colinc	A JAVA-based gui to control the computer&#039;s parallel port.  Will include C code in conjunction with the JNI to directly access its address.  Should be platform-independant except for the required libraries.
colinjab	This is a Jabber Instant Messenger written in Visual Basic 6. This project is dead.
colinux	Cooperative Linux is the first method for optimally running Linux on Windows and other operating systems natively. It is a port of the Linux kernel and support code that allows it to run cooperatively without emulation along with another operating system
colinuxw32add	Win32 add-ons(such win32 modem server,etc) for Cooperative Linux
colis	CoLiS is a Web library aimed at proposing printed books online as full text and &#039;fac-similé&#039;. Via a new hypertext structure, the texts are linked to several encyclopedias proposed together with the books.
coliseum	The Digital Coliseum is a framework which provides an automated system to host coding competitions, where teams of developers can compete with each other.
coll-worlds	Colliding Worlds is a multi-player 3D space combat game using newtonian physics.
collab-sci	Framework for uncertainty propagation in predictive models targeted for collaborative science
collabgl	Scheduling / Calendar software developped in C++
collabline	CollabLine is initially an RSS feed reading tool which will over time allow for direct collaboration between team members through blogs and peer-to-peer modules.
collaboffice	CollabOffice is a web based Personal Information Manager (PIM) which allows teams to share and work together.  It provides email, documents, calendar, contacts, instant messaging, news (nntp), and online web based administration.
collaborate	An OpenSource Forum
collaborilla	The collaborative framework Conzilla has primarily been developed to enhance the concept browser Conzilla (http://www.conzilla.org) with collaboration facilities. The Collaborilla framework is generic and can be used by other projects as well.
collabrex	Collabrex allows teams to easily share and collaborate on documents; exchange ideas; and preserve the knowledge of an organization.  With a platform-indendent backend, and pure web-based frontend, Collabrex is the Intranet server for you.
collabvnc	Collaborative VNC lets you share a computer desktop between multiple people. Everyone can see everyone else&#039;s mouse pointers, and you can take turns controlling the desktop, so that everyone is not clicking on everyone else&#039;s toes all the time.
collabwriter	Software which allows teams to work together on documents by providing version control, locking of parts of the document, comments, etc.
collada-cg2glsl	A Conditioner for the COLLADA Refinery to convert a COLLADAFX-effect from profile_CG to profile_GLSL.
collada-dom	The COLLADA Document Object Model (DOM) is an application programming interface (API) that provides a C++ object representation of a COLLADA XML instance document.
colladablender	This is a COLLADA (1.3.1 / 1.4) Plug-in for Blender which exports and imports: Meshes, Materials, Textures, Lights (Hemi, Lamp, Sun and Spot) and Cameras. Additional features are export of animation, selected objects only and export of baked transforms.
colladamaya	ColladaMaya, ColladaMax and FCollada are COLLADA translators for Maya and 3DSMax and a common utility library. Latest versions can be downloaded from http://www.feelingsoftware.com. Bugs should be reported at www.feelingsoftware.com/bugzilla.
colladarefinery	COLLADA Refinery is a GUI-based application for creating content pipelines for 3D assets using modular components called conditioners.
collage	Collage helps users in the process of creating their own (collaborative) Learning Designs starting with existing patterns that represent broadly accepted techniques used by collaborative learning practitioners.
collapse	We are designing an employee managment system for Maryland Task Force One. We are attempting to reduce response time and simplify the deployment process.
collar	A conference submission and review system designed for flexibility and re-use.  Initially used for the ALIFE 8 conference (in 2002), and designed around the principles of the systems used for ALIFE VI and ALIFE VII.
collatinusita	Translated version in Italian and in English of Collatinus, a dictionay tha help you to translate Latin text.
colle	Colle is the glue of a properly designed web application.  It is written on several popular technologies of the Java and XML world including Servlet API, EJB 2.0, XSLT, JDBC, XML Schema, jdom, JAXP and others.
colleagueshare	Quickly and easily setup a folder synchronization with a colleague anywhere in the world.  Allows you to setup a direct connection through the Internet so that friends, family, or colleagues may access your folders and you theirs.
collect	Collect is a data acquisition (DAQ) program realized for the Schonland Research Centre for Nuclear Sciences of Johannesburg (South Africa). It is used to gather data from CAMAC ADCs and TDCs via a GPIB interface.
collection-cpp	This project provides a comprehensive collection framework for C++. While the STL is often a good alternative, this collection framework allows you to generically refer to containers so that the type of the container can easily be changed.
collectiondummy	Collections for Dummies is a easy application that permits to store and share your collection&#039;s
collectionm	A Modular Media Organizer developed on PHP+MYSQL+PEAR+XML+AJAX  (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML).
collectionmanag	This project is meant for people who collect books, DVDs, CDs and such of 1 or more authors/bands/etc.
collectionmgr	Web-based, multi-user collection package designed for small to medium companies that need to manage receivables.
collections	A Java 5 generics-enabled version of the popular Jakarta Commons-Collections project. All appropriate classes from Commons-Collections 3.1 have been refactored to support Java generics.
collections-j15	Binary compatible port of Jakarta Commons Collections library to JDK 1.5 platform.
collections15	A Java 1.5 port of the commons-collections sub-project of the Apache Jakarta Commons project.
collectionsdb	The Collections Database allows people to list on a website items they have burnt onto CD&#039;s but are not shared on the network ( eg divx movies ), to make them easier to share. It also allows for creation of other categories of items such as mp3&#039
collectionsort	RAT, is a command line program written in C written primarily for the GNU/Linux operating system.  The purpose is to undo incorrect archive extractions, primarily when they pollute an already existing directory with a large amount of files.
collective	A collection of Products for use with the Plone and/or Zope CMF Frameworks. Please note that most of the active projects in here have moved to http://svn.plone.org. If you want to look for available released products, please try http://plone.org/products
collectivememry	The purpose of this project is to develop an opensource application dedicated to the collective documentation of memories and events. The primary outcome of this endeavor is to create a community based on contribution to public and private histories.
collectivemind	An open source distributive web search engine.
collector	Collector is a inventory manager for collectible card games.
collibc	A library of data structures with a unified API, written in portable C. Lists (uni- and bidirectional), a vector, a hash, a balanced tree (RB or AVL), a heap and tuples. Memory management, clone support, error handling.
collide	Collide is a cool IDE written in Java with an intergated unit testing suite.
collist	This C library handles 2-dimensional bounding box collision detection.  It is optimized to scale well from a few objects to many thousands of objects.
collocations	A collection of software tools and libraries for the statistical analysis of cooccurrence frequency data and the extraction of lexicalised word combinations (collocations) from text corpora.
colloq	Colloq is a web-based business platform in the early stages of development.
colloquial	Colloquial Entropy Markup is an Java/XML based tool for text augmentation - probabilistically inserting XML tags into documents based on training documents. It makes few linguistic assumptions and has been tested with both Chinese and English.
colloquium	Colloquium is an  pedagogical tool for presenting online webcasts with supplementary materials.  Streaming video is combined with a rich set of support materials - live chat, threaded discussion, and links links links.  Available in WebObjects and PHP ve
colloquy	Traditionally, IRC clients on the Mac have been anything but glamorous.  Colloquy is an advanced IRC client which aims to fill this void. By adhering to Mac OS X interface conventions, Colloquy has the look and feel of a quality Mac application.
colloquytalker	The Colloquy Talker Server, built for numerous platforms.
collsoft	Program designed to aid in the managment of personal and company collections of items, as to make the management of the collection easier for those involved in it
colocus	A site goes down. Does it really make a sound? You&#039;d never know if there is no offline contingency site. CoLocus, short for Community Contingency Locus, is a PHP application that will allow users to quickly come together and report on problems.
colombo	Business system for small or medium sized businesses using EJB 3, Ajax, MySQL
colon	:colon is a web suite / CMPS written in the language php. It is going to be composed of several parts, each talking with each other. It is going to start with a blogging system. It will propably use the phpDB database API.
colonist	Win2K
colonnes	Colonnes is a falling colour or photos blocks game. Align 3 blocks : they disappear &amp; you earn 1 point. With trump or hold mode, you can score quicker.
colony7	Portation of Colony7 for EF2. Colony7 is a singleplayer mod for STAR TREK: Voyager - Elite Force. We want to port it to EF2 and need YOUR help. We will soon release the code for chapter 1. If you want to help us, you hve to register in our forum!
colonyandempire	Starting with a single world and limited resources, players build their own galactic empire via exploring the universe, gathering technology and resources and exterminating their opponents.  Much like Master of Orion, Colonization and Imperium Galactica.
color-browser	This Program is to search for a certain color . you mix the 3 colors together and see the result , and see the  color&#039;s RGB .
color-studio	Color Studio is a JAVA color matching application. Main features are : find sweet color association, save favorite colors, preview color model on web page, check the background/foreground css3 distance, eyedropper, ... (more features will be added soon)
colorado	colorADO Database Components is a set of tools for Delphi and C++ Builder that enables data access through Microsoft ADO technology. It also allows you to manage the structure of database using ADOX components. Complete BDE replacement.
coloranalyzer	ColorAnalyzer is small color-design tool with growing number of algorithms for color-matching, helping designers of all kinds to select proper colors on easier way.
coloraxis	Color/Colour Calibration Tool for use with the ColorVision Spyder 2 hardware sensor.
colorcat	Colorcat adds ANSI color to terminal text according to Perl 5 regular expressions.  Makes verbose log files or command-line programs easier to read.  Includes an example script to add color to cvs&#039;s output (colorcvs).
colorcombinate	Colorcombinate is a color palette generator and viewer, that helps to compute color harmonies. It includes a GTK widget library implementing a GTK dialog, to include such functionality in your own applications. It comes with python bindings as well.
colordiff	colordiff is a wrapper for &#039;diff&#039; and produces the same output but with pretty &#039;syntax&#039; highlighting.  Colour schemes can be customized.
colorer	Colorer library provides source text syntax highlighting services. It colorizes source codes in editor systems (more than 150 formats). Uses powerful HRC format(XML, RE, context free grammas), allowing to support any language. Available as Eclipse plugin
colorex	Color Expansion is a logical game with network play support. Strong AI included - try it! Also this project is the home for the Color Expansion AI contest.
colorforms	The classic reusable sticker toy is now available for your PC.  This is a Java implementation of those picture forming plastic pieces.  It started as a school project to use object oriented programming principles and has evolved into this.
colorforth	colorForth is, in Chuck Moore&#039;s own words: &quot;A dialect of Forth that uses color to replace punctuation. Includes its own operating system. Produces extremely compact programs. Instant compile from pre-parsed source.&quot;
colorgenius	And advanced colour selector targeted at finding complementary colours for design purposes
colorifer	Program to color output of other processes, e.g. command line utilities or compilers
coloring	Coloring for J2ME is a classic Color Invasion game.
colorization	This Project is concerned about colorization of black and white movies, it will contains some image segmentation,motion detection,Artificial intelligence for original color estimation, color distribution and some grid computing.
colornames	A Perl-module to map color names to RGB codes.
colorpicker	Color selecting made easy!  The ColorPicker is a tool which allows you to effortlessly select the colors of your website or for any other application.
colorpicker3	Cross Browser Color Picker
colors	Colors is an entertaining educational game designed for children ages 0-2. If a character is pressed a sound will be played and the screen will change colors. Optionally, characters can be displayed and heard instead of sounds. Requires SDL 1.2.x
colorselector	Color Selector is a full featured color picker that includes a color picker with zoom and area sampling, format converter, palette tool, seven built-in export formats, customizable formatting options (four built-in), and scripting support via MSScript.
colorsnatch	A simple and fun remake of the old Filler game that was popular in early 1990s (and was a true marvel of its time). Written in FreePascal with Lazarus libraries. The game objective is to capture half of the colored field by annexing tiles color by color.
colorstyler	XHTML+CSS layout generator, from a basic predefined template allows to assign colors (precalculated by an algorithm) and distribute layout elements (header, footer, columns,...) using an AJAX interface.
colorsudoku	Sudoku game with numbers, letters or colors. Board size can be 6, 9 or 12. In addition to rows, columns and subregions, you can restrict diagonals, too. You can play Killer Sudoku and Greater Than Sudoku.
colorsvn	Color Subversion is a simple wrap on svn output, coloring each line regarding it&#039;s file status.
colortail	Colortail is a colorized tail. That colorizes parts of the tailed files according to regular expression rules.
colorwalk	Color Walk is a lightweight image viewer designed primarily for reading comics. It also works well as a general image viewer.
colossus	Colossus is a Java clone of the boardgame Titan, a turn-based fantasy wargame for 2-6 players.  Each player moves stacks of creatures around a strategic board, recruiting more creatures and fighting enemy stacks on tactical maps.
colourblind	Toolbox for testing and measuring colour blindness in people. This project is being undertaken for a University Project
colourstrip-enc	The Colour Strip Encryption method is simply a way to translate from text to an image file, thus making it unreadable by any human eyes, and unrecognisable as text at all by computers too (unless the user really knows what s/he is doing..).
colt	COLT is a project management and tracker written in Ruby on Rails. It integrates neatly with your current Subversion repository. COLT is currently under development.
coltoo	The colonization too project is an initiative of a group of keen colonization player?s aimed to the design and develop of a sequel to the original game. That means not only an update to the relatively very old 1993 game, also a re-design of many aspects
coltrane	Coltrane : Library/Environment for the Numerical Solution of Partial Differential Equations (PDEs) by Finite Element Methods (FEM) with a particular view to Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD)
colubrid	Colubrid is a Java/SQLite - based application for snake breeders with one purpose in mind: Keeping track of all snake related info, so the breeder doesn&#039;t have to.
colubrislogin	Colubris network autologin, automatically fill and post a form on a web page.
colugo	A minimal java application to launch java applications.
columba	Columba is an email client written in Java, featuring a user-friendly graphical interface with wizards and internalionalization support. Its a powerful mail management tool with features to enhance your productivity and communication.
columbo	Columbo accepts program source code and transposes it to graphical views, measures and semantical equivalent texts. He also investigates into technical bugs.
column	CMS for web. COLUMN is created to display large amounts of text on screen, in a manner that is easy to read. COLUMN therefore, as the first CMS in the world, supports columns and advanced typographical options.
columns	This is Columns, the game. The player can manipulate a bar of colored squares while it drops down. Once it has reached the playing field, points are gained and squares in the playing field disappear, according to certain rules.
columns4eclipse	Columns Plug-in for Eclipse defines the concept of &#039;Column&#039; and some functions of this editable component. Functions such as copy, paste, cut, fill, lowercase, uppercase, search and replace, columns history and others are provided.
columnserver	Designed from the groundup to provide a customizeable environment in which to run a public column site.
columntutils	ColumnUtils is a collection of Perl programs to make dealing with columnar data easier to handle.
com	.com - content management system, based on Parser language
com-galore	Components Galore is a selection of components and modules developed for joomla made by the open source company Galore studios.Components include : Simple shopping Cart, Simple forum, bookings forms, contacts.
com-med	A collaboration system for healthcare professionals.
com-rsgallery2	DEVELOPMENT SITE HAS MOVED! For more information please see the official site at: http://rsgallery2.net/
com-simpleboard	Simpleboard Forum Component for the Mambo Open Source CMS framework
com0com	The Null-modem emulator (com0com) is a kernel-mode virtual serial port driver for Windows. You can create an unlimited number of virtual COM port pairs and use any pair to connect one COM port based application to another.
com2net	Com2Net, a customized release of X-Mode 2.0a2 (Yotsuba) only fully integrated with Monde 2.0b1 and the last package from X-Mode Project released in PHP. Licensed under GNU GPL. See more at http://x-mode.shiroyuki.com.
coma	Console Drivers for MAME
coma-agent	A simple tool to update the content of your homepage. the designer can put some tags in the html-code, CoMa-Agent looks for them and let you only edit the text between the tags. So you can update your homepage without knowing html.
comaas	Comaas - The ContactManagementAssistant is a simple and useful contact management program for business as well as private purpose. - Keep the overview of your friends/clients and remember their birthdays, gifts, cards, activities...
comadminutils	C# Command Line tool to register and delete COM+ Applications across multiple servers
comamigos	comAmigos é script baseado em PHP/MYSQL de uma comunidade online parecido com Orkut e Friends
comanche	Comanche is a graphical tool for configuring the Apache web server. It works on Unix and Windows platforms.
comanco	Comanco is a Project Command And Control system, it will manage project resources and taskings. Supporting a project wide development log, personal developer blods and an internal message. A modular design will make updating and maintenance easy.
comanda	Comanda is windows console replacement. Features include: multiple pages with specific initialization sequence for each page, tray iconize/deiconize with &quot;Alt &gt;&quot;.
comaneci	Comaneci is a Rails-inspired web application framework implemented in PHP. A basic concept of comaneci is simple, flexible and easy-to-use for all Web developers, not only for PHP programmers but also for HTML coders!!
comanthos	Comanthos is designed to be a base for others to create their own RPGs.
comap	This project provide an add-on for The Compiere ERP-CRM for handling Advanced Pricing/Discount engine process. Most of the distribution company in the world need that engine.
comarge	ComArge is an e-commerce service script based on OsCommerce. Any user open his/her store easily.
comarquage	Ce projet d?veloppe un module de comarquage pour la V2 du contenu XML mis ? disposition par le Service Public.
comas	Closed (there are too many CMS today).
comasys	comasys simplifies backup, archiving or version control of your systems configuration-files by collectig them in a single place.
comasys-cms	CoMaSys is a web-content-management system entirely developed in Perl using MySQL as DB, with ftp-web-client. It&#039;s devided into two parts, a core, which allows to create your own UI for CoMaSys, and the default UI. Sources available since end August
comasystem	CoMaSystem (CMS) is a kind of CMS framework, you have all the functionalities of a CMS but it&#039;s not about click and create. This is intended for professional webmasters to help their customers to manage the content of their site.
comatz	CoMatz is a project for respecting Matz and Komatsu.
comaxim-cam	Real open source free GPL CAM able to convert 3D models like AutoCAD DXF to NC codes like G-Code.
comb	Comb is a set of web component. writen in JavaScript, HTC, CSS, HTML. Support IE 5.5+. Data formation is XML. Currently, three component is available - MenuBar, Tree, TabPage.
comb-objects	Generating combinatorial objects: exponents, all exponents, permutations, color permutations, arrangements, combinations for any numbers and words.
combat-bot-os	I finally got around to actually coding something! This is going to be an OS for use on combat robots, complete with full support for sensors, hammers, flamethrowers, wedges, saws, and clamper robots. All weapon systems are fully customizable w/RC.
combatassistant	A tool for DungeonMasters of a D20 role playing game (like Dungeons &amp; Dragons). It helps organizing the combat, remembering the actions a character performed and keeping track of the duration of effects.
combatbot	An IRC bot that acts as GM/DM/referee for chat-based RPG battles.
combatt	XNA version of the Brazilian strategy board game Combatt!
combean	Combean is a Java framework for mathematical structures and optimization algorithms. Through a set of Java interfaces and JavaBeans-based config, Combean glues optimization codes together - leading to more interoperable, adaptable and flexible solutions.
combengine	This is a collection of several simple functional languages all based on combinator graph reduction techniques for interpretation.  For now there&#039;s only one package here: lazy-l, which is an interpreter for Alonzo Church&#039;s untyped lambda calcul
combine	The Combine Development Kit provides a Model View Controller (MVC) similar to Jakarta Struts, an Object Model code generator similar to Torque, and goes a step futher to auto generate configuration, actions and Smarty templates for the MVC.
combinewars	Combine Wars is a team-based multiplayer mod for Half-Life 2.  In action-packed, strategic gameplay, competing Combine factions must gain control of power sources to out-produce each other and ultimately destroy their opponents.
combobox	JavaScript/HTML Combobox with auto-completion and full API.  This is a replica of the Windows combobox and supports all major browsers.  Highly optimized for speed and size.
combobulator	The goal of the Combobulator is to be a powerful script for correcting and standardizing ID3 tags and filenames in large music libraries
combodex	A versus puzzle game played with both mouse and keyboard. Group blocks of the same type or color to explode them, while trying to sabotage your opponent&#039;s plans.
combuilder	COMBuilder is a VB6 app that will allow you to write all COM objects for working with databases. Also, the program will create forms to work with this objects. It is planned to create also c# and vb.net code.
comconbre	goal of project is to describe by many source code examples how to build COM components usings mingw &amp; code::blocks
comconnect	COMConnect is the fastest and most efficient way to access Java applications from .NET/COM and vice versa. Supports stateful connections, a very fast TCP-based protocol and low latency. Includes proxy component for routing to multiple replicated servers.
comdocs	Linux/BSD command summaries to help new Linux/BSD users. No more than 100 lines in length, each summary includes commonly used command options and examples.
comebackcourt	This is a Japanese to English fan translation patch for the Capcom video game &quot;Gyakuten Saiban 3&quot;, one of the sequels to Phoenix Wright.
comedia	A research project for crosslanguage and crossplatform module application architecture. Currently contains implementation of abstract and GUI module frameworks for Java, Delphi and soon C#.
comeditor	This is a component type of toolkit, which can be used to build a HTML rich editor. Developers can use them to build a rich editor rapidly, Or they can easily debug and develop other User Interface Components from this foundation again.
comefos	comefos stands for Common Commercial Engine For Open Source,the engine is consist of three parts as following: 1.Central Control Layer provides Process-based or Service-based Processing 2.Common Presentation Layer 3.Common Data &amp; Service Layer
comeks	Under consideration.
comeleon	The goal of the project is to find the best way to merge the currently existing java open source frameworks like jakarta struts, apache cocoon etc. and build a framework that will be a perfect starting point for an aplication that can be accessed via all
comella	This is a devolpment of an emulator/rpg of a mmo.
comemierda	Linux port for the ComeMierda VB6 card-game
comendar	PHP/MySQL web application to generate a community calendar web site, which publicises community events and allows users to keep track of their own, personal appointments.  Provides effective, automated reminders of important events via e-mail.
comeon	Comeon is a pong game made for the 2002 - 2003 MFTC programming contest.  It is my first game that uses Direct Draw, a component of DirectX, and also my first games to have keyboard only controls.  The sprites are homemade, however the background I will 
cometbox	Comet message queue for AJAX applications.
cometcube	CometCube - software that used to analyze datacube(FIT format) obtained from radio telescope.  This project is using IDL evironment and language.
comf	C++ object serialization in text/binary format using class wrapped memory management and file mapping. Other generic utility classes.
comform	ComForm is PHP and Javascript based Web 2.0 class created to check user-friendly and also programer-friendly formulars.
comgt	Comgt is a command line tool for controlling, configuring and interacting with Option Wireless 3G and 2G ( HSDPA, UMTS, EDGE, GPRS, GSM) data devices within the Linux environment.
comhem	ComHem is a set of shell-scripts and config-files easing access to Swedish cable provider ComHem AB (http://www.comhem.se/).
comhub	C/H shall provide users means to organize themselves in net-style topology like friendster.com does but including some features found at groups like googlegroups or yahoogroups (and, maybe, a little more)
comic-dlr	A downloader for comic strips. Originally for Garfield, though others are now integrated.
comic-net	Comic.NET is a WebComic CMS written in ASP.NET and C#. It povides a flexible solution, easy to adapt to any kind of setup. It uses Textile formatting by default for news/blog entries. The Textile formatter is available as a standalone library.
comic-octopus	Comic Octopus automates the task of managing a web comic. Archives, updates, links, fanart, and many other tasks are handled automatically.
comical	Comical is a portable CBR and CBZ viewer written in C++ using wxWidgets. It supports multiple image formats and uses high-quality image scaling algorithms to fit pages onscreen.
comicblog	The new blog era beggins, taking back to life aur beloved comics but allowing everyone to write his own. Welcome to ComicBlog.
comicbookedit	Comic book editor is software to create comics. It can import vector drawings (in the SVG format), place them in boxes, put the boxes on pages and add some text balloons. The software is written in java so that it runs anywhere.
comicbrowser	Comic Browser is a program that makes it easy to read online Web comics such as User Friendly and Penny Arcade using a nice, simple GUI. You can go to the first, previous, next and last comic with a single mouseclick. New comics are marked in bold.
comicbuddysharp	ComicBuddy# (pronounced Comic Buddy Sharp) is a Comic Strip Browser for the Linux and Windows plataforms.  It allows the users to browse a predefined (upgradeable) collection of freely available comic strips found on the web minus distractions.
comiccode	WebComic management system, makes uploading and displaying webcomics easy. Includes features for uploading, user and comic management, and scheduled releasing.
comiccollection	This is a Java based graphical (AWT, Java 1.1) program to allow a user to download and/or view webcomics without having to go to the website (for convienience and bandwidth reasons), archive them and search and view them later. Uses SQL DB.
comicengine	Cancelled since CUSP is better.
comicfetcher	ComicFetcher is a utility that downloads comic strips to your computer from various web sites such as dilbert.com
comichub	A PHP-based viewer system, or hub, from which users can access many different online comics. Requires each comic to use a systematic URL naming system for the individual comic images, which can be registered with the viewer and delivered to the user.
comicmarks	Web-accessible, multi-user bookmarks manager for comics: the &quot;current&quot; comic and your personal bookmark in the archives.  Work your way daily through a personal list of comics chosen from a global list -- or add new comics.
comicmaster	ComicMaster is a cbr/cbz reader for comic archives. ComicMaster is able to open cbr and cbz archives and display image contents. Furthermore it has rudimentary abilities to modify existing archives, Oh, and yes: Most important: You need Qt 4.2!
comicphp	This is a webcomic template coded in JavaScript and PHP. It&#039;s for those who don&#039;t want to take too much time on their site. It allows news posts for every comic, a customizable template, and other features not yet added.
comicpub	Comic Pub is a program written in PHP to allow anyone with a web browser and server to manage an internet based comic strip.
comicreader	The ComicReader is a program to read daily comics like Garfield, Dilbert, Userfriendly and lots of other daily comics. The comicreader has unique features like autodownloading the comics, central managed comic definitions and the option to email comics.
comics-grabber	Ever feel tired of visiting tens of web pages every day to read all your favorite comic strips? In the spirit of dailystrips and komics, comics-grabber is yet another one-stop solution viewing comics on the web.
comicsdb	Comics DB is a 100% Java application you can use to manage your comics collection.
comicsfetcher	ComicsFetcher is a java-based program that automatically gets the images out of the archives of most webcomics.
comicsgalore	Comics Galore - automatically download your favorite strips daily, apply naming conventions to saved files and generate html file to view them.
comicviewer	ComicViewer is a time-saving tool for avid readers of online comics. It displays all your favorite comics (this is configurable) in an easy-to-use user interface.
comicviewernet	ComicViewer.NET is a time-saving tool for readers of online comics. It displays all your favorite comics in an easy-to-use user interface. A calendar control is used for the data selection.
comicviz	The Comics project allows local downloading and visualization of comics found on the web.
comicx	Digital Comics ad Picture Viewer with Database Support. GIF, BMP,JPG, PNG, JPEG 2000 Support, Direct3D with Zoom and Pan. Zip, Rar and StuffitX formats, Database Utilities. XML Embedding support, Web Search on Comic Database Pages.
comida	Comida is a web application that allows users to edit and and view recipes on the web.  Comida automatically generates menus and shopping lists, and it suggests recipes based on available ingredients, user ratings, or even the current season.
comikaze	Comikaze Comic Manager is a highly customizable, easy-to-use comic management script that will fit into your current site design! Features: admin control panel, comic auto-updating, comic searching for users, multi-user support, RSS / RDF and much more!
comis	This is flexible system for company management.
comisat-games	comisat Games Collection is an all-in-one free collection of games written in gambas. Actually, there&#039;s five games included: Mr.Cappio (hangman), Mr.Quattro (connect 4), Mr.Biscia (snake), Mr.Mind (master mind) and Mr.Tetris (Atari Tetris 1988).
comitatuscommon	comitatus-common is a library of Java classes that can be used to build business applications. It contains functions to print labels on EPL2 printers and generate DTA files.
comitatuswebapp	comitatus-webapp is a framework to ease the development of Java Server Faces (JSF) database applications that use entity EJBs for persistance. It also provides some usefull JSF components.
comitium	Lightweight, modular PHP forum software using PEAR::DB to support a variety of databases.
comix	Comix is a user-friendly, customizable image viewer. It is specifically designed to handle comic books, but also serves as a generic viewer. It reads images in ZIP, RAR or tar archives (also gzip or bzip2 compressed) as well as plain image files.
comixgetter	Standalone Windows application for viewing &amp; downloading online daily comics. Uses C &amp; Win32 API. Tested on Windows 2000 &amp; XP. Program saves time and bother of visiting each ad-infested comic website.
comjat-api	All the released APIs are contained in this development thread of the COMJAT.NET API. The development thread is intended for those who want to modify the APIs. The release thread is for those who want to use the APIs in their applications.
comjava	This is a jni-based, COM object which enables easy access from VB/VBScript to any arbitrary java class and it&#039;s methods.  Java classes don&#039;t need to be registered.  Works with Sun and IBM jvm&#039;s 1.1.8 and up.  Tested with IIS/ASP and is thr
comkit	ComKit is an web-application server targets MEME(Miminum Effort, Maximum Effect), entirely coded in Perl language.
comm-kit	Communication Kit is a CMS specialising in web sites for clubs or churches that need private communication in smaller groups (say sub-committees) as part of the larger whole. Groups can not only mail and discuss privately but also publish their own pages
commandant	Commandant delivers a distributed, persistent, recoverable, multi-threaded implementation of the well-known command design pattern.  Your application is  organized into small command objects.  Commandant controls the execution of them locally or remotely
commander	Commander is a host/client python utility for performing automated experimentation (of the computation sort) with concepts of Parameter Sweeps, Phase Transitions, Grid Computers, Automated Analyses, Variable Variances, and handy Interfaces.
commander4e	Eclipse plugin to provide easy way to run/execute commands(scripts) by right click the resource and input/select commands.
commandertux	CommanderTux is a jump and run game highly inspired by Commander Keen.
commandhandler	CommandHandler - working with coplicated command is very easy. Use CommandDesigner to draw syntax graph and CommandBuilder to write it very quickly using mouse and enter key.
commandline-cpp	A C++ library that uses readline to implement a very flexible command-prompt.  Seamlessly manages types and variables, function signatures, etc.
commandlinemail	TCLE is a simple tool to send mail from command line. It was developed under Delphi with IdSMTP library from Hadi Hariri. It is free. Also TCLE support SMTP. TCLE don&#039;t support POP (Post Office Protocol) to retrive content of mail box, Now.
commandlinenet	A command line parsing and validation library for Microsoft .NET. Supports unix style switch naming, i.e. long and short switch names, parameterized switches and switch dependencies.
commands	Mousecommands for Ptokax 0.3.3.21 [debug]. I was made Finnish and English version. For Finnish anf english is two versions: With Jumble support and without Jumble support. You can run they with PtokaX, also on older version of PtokaX than  0.3.3.21
commands-winapp	coMMands G15 winampPlugin is a tool which allows you to control winamp with a Logitech G15 gaming keyboard. The control has been developed for gamers who do not want to leave a fullscreenapplication or use hotkeys to control winamp. Playlistview included
commandweb	CommandWeb is a rapid web application development platform for the Lisp dialect L# designed to run on top of the .Net CLR and ASP.Net. Developers can add application code interactively to a running interpreter, eliminating development cycle time.
commbean	A visual javabean for serial/parallel communications in Java.
commbinder	Intergated communication server with multiple services and interfaces based on exists projects.
commca	CommCA - A Community-driven Certificate Authority for distribution of free X.509 digital certificates for personal email and server use.
commcompiler	The Community Compiler will enable journalistic communities to define themselves with ann easy-to-use yet powerful interpreted language, implemented in perl.  Our goal is a modular and expandable language that gives the community full control over assets
commcrawl	&quot;Community Crawler&quot; is a Perl based filesharing aggregator, providing search functionality for collected data.  Sites crawled are only those submitted by users.  It allows for a community of people to search for files and download from a single
comment-adder	comment-adder is just a header/footer adder to source code files, wich can be used to add GPL headers or contact information into every textual file, filtered by extensions, in a project folder and its subdirectories.
commentarius	A CGI script created in PERL and using an flat-file text backend that provides the user with the capability to keep a diary online and viewed via the World Wide Web.
commentcodegen	EclipsePlugin: Comments of supported files (ExPoint) are parsed - special comments are used as input for associated CodeGenerators (ExPoint) - the generated code is inserted after the comment and updated on comment change: Java, C[++], Property, EventSup
commentit	Comment.It is a web based system that allows the insertion of notes on WEB Pages.It was developed using JAVA technology and use a relational dbase to maintain the notes.It runs in a servlet engine like TOMCAT and any RDBMS compatible with JDBC/ODBC.
commentreflower	Plug-in for Visual Studio 2003 and 2005 to do reflowing of comments.
commentstew	CommentStew uses wvWare/Saxon &amp; a perl wrapper script to convert MSWord docs to xml and optionally HTML or FOP/PDF.
commerce	Commerce project is an open source e-commece web based.
commerceforce	J2EE webapp to manage commerce activity of multiple company. The app will enable the sales person to access all the needed information of their clients and to report his/her activities. It will also enable the manager of the company to control their comm
commerceobjects	Commerce Objects is a java based ecommerce software providing multiple store, price, catalog, and sku capabilities, along with tier pricing and promotional pricing. Commerce Objects is easy to understand. Built with Hibernate 3.2, Spring 2, and Struts 2.
commercialdive	Diving programs to help the commercial diver and his/her supervisor.  Based on USNavy tables the user will be able to plan a dive, execute a dive, and log it.  Will also have diver aftercare (ie DDC tables).  THIS IS A TRAINING TOOL ONLY, I DO NOT ACCEPT
commfax	Fax software that supports class1.0 fax modem and 2D encoding(currenly MR only, MMR is planned). With USR modem, voice mode is supported. Since this software is implemented as an extension of ruby scripting language, you can easily create your own app.
commgame	This projects is a computer game to made in C++ by a group of dedicated people and present it to the community.
commitsh	commit.sh is a Bash script for advanced committing to CVS or Subversion repositories. Including pre-commit automatic ChangeLog modifying and many other features
commlib	CommLib is an IPC library for Unix systems. It allows related and unrelated process to communicate using several methods (FIFOs, PIPEs, shared memory, RPC etc.) using unique, consistent APIs. This will allow the programmer to choose the best and most per
commnetplus	Community PLUS will be a community developement program to improve the ease of installing community related PHP scripts such as PHP Nuke, Post Nuke, and a few bulletin board programs.
common	Providing common object hirarchy, for reuse by other programmers, that has not been created by any other resouces such as java.sun, jakarta etc...net library, mail library, graphics, all ease to use and extend.
common-config	The Configuration package is a thin, JDK independent, bridge between different configuration libraries and approaches such as properties files, XML and JDK 1.4 Preferences.
common-msg-gw	An easy to use SMS and MMS Gateway, based on Kannel Gateway, the Common Messaging Gateway is configured and managed through an intuitive browser based interface.
common-thoughts	CommonThoughts is a project to build community website with PHP/MySQL.
common-xml	COMMON-XML is a full-featured XML library for Common Lisp
commoncad	The CommonCAD component&#039;s packages contain the phases of the developing. The required features are: grip points, inspector, layers, object snaping, 3d, undo, redo, dxf export-import, print, support of PPC (programmable parametric component)...
commondesktop	The Free-POSIX Common Desktop Project exists to create an open standard for free Desktop implementations.
commondrops	Formmail with file attachment and upload. Written in Perl. It  sends email via the internet to whom you specify. Unlimited form fields - Can handle any number of HTML fields Multiple recipient support. Redirects the user to a different web page, and more
commonfwlib	This framework provides a class library similar to the one provided for .NET projects with the .NET framework. The goal is to provide a standard, easy-to-use class library for applications developed with Visual Basic 6 and C++.
commongoods	Commongoods will be a web application for geographically linking businesses and consumers to develop a democratic and socially responsible economy.  It will provide tools for rating businesses and searching geographically for goods and services.
commonjava	Repository striving to provide components representing the best solution to the problems they address. These will be building blocks for programs, allowing programmers to focus more on business logic and less on infrastructure.
commonlib	Free Opensource C++ Multiplatform Library that contains a lots of everyday used classes and functions. Classes String, Path, File, Optimized(cached) File. IDBEX simple Database Engine. Windows-specific controls and classes like Splash, BrowseForFolder an
commonplace	This project provides cross-platform software components for use on both the Mono and the .NET runtimes.
commonreality	CommonReality aims to bring a standard to the cognitive architecture, robotics, and sensor development community. CommonReality specifies a common interface for parceling the world into cognitively processable components. See the forums and mailing list
commons	This is a collection of utilities and other nifty code items developed by Thought River for use in internal projects, and made available here for public use.
commons-agents	Collection of agents for a Java 1.5 VM. See the package description of java.lang.instrument for an introduction to agents.
commons-caching	Opene&#039;s Commons Caching(OCC) is a wrapper around a variety of caching API implementations.
commons-vfs-ui	A graphical user interface to the Apache Commons VFS API written in Java/SWT: Multi-platform, capable of managing files among multiple file systems such as: ftp, sftp, smb, webdav, etc.
commons4j5	A solution for common problems in java using the new language features such as annotations generics autoboxing varargs...
commonsense	Written in PHP and using MySql the commonSense CMS has been written entirely for the purpose of creating small business info websites quickly and easily.
commonsme	Collection of common and utilitarian code for mobile application (J2ME) developers.
commonutils	Common Utilities is a suite of many tools catered to LINUX, we hope to simply make an impact with our utilities and add to the experience, and hopefully- simplify it.
commonwealth	CommonWealth pretends to be a public shared wish list manager, to express one&#039;s wishes and/or needs and to allow others to satisfy those wishes and needs, by listing them and showing their current status (if they are satisfied or not).
commoverip	This is a specific driver for JavaComm API which let a serial or parallel communication over IP. The server part let a programmer easily develop a plugin to emulate a serial or parallel device.
commplex	commplex is a command multiplexer. You can have as many commands as you want in a file and commplex will open up a pseudo terminal for each command in the file. Your input is sent to all the commands. Output from a chosen command is displayed on screen.
comms	CoMs: Simple messaging server/client written using omniORB and GTK. Allows you to contact friends who are also using the system. Group messaging is also enabled.
commserv	open source communication server for business systems
commsuite	This project is an attempt to use multiple nodes of a cluster to advance visualization of raw 3D image data-sets. It uses fltk for the user-interface design, lam-mpi for the communication sub-system and the implementation language of choice is C.
commsvcfw	A C++ framework for creating Linux and Windows communications applications that contain Dialogic/Intel NetStructure products. Includes media and network classes (analog, digital, SIP, H323), multithreaded event handling, distributed app support.
commsy	CommSy is a webbased community system, originally developed at the University of Hamburg, Germany, to support learning/working communities. For a more indepth description see the project home page. For questions or comments contact finck(at)commsy.org
commsyextension	This project develops some handy FireFox-Extensions for the popular E-Learning- and Community-Software CommSy.
commuapps	CommuApps is a project dedicated to developing reusable java web interfaces that will help in building highly interactive community portals. Our end users will be mostly non-profit organizations, charities, community colleges, groups and clubs.
communi	The idea behind communi is a simple and elegant MSN/ICQ style instant messaging solution. Both the official communi server/client implementations are writtein in C#.Net at the current time.
communicast	CommuniCast is frontend to mpd and an audio-streamer such as icecast.  It uses a complex voting system to determine the playlist from the opinions of registered listeners.
communication-x	Large communication file. Allows users to surf the net, download media, and meet new friends over the SpiritWorX network.
communicator	Galaxy Communicator is an open source architecture for the plug and play construction of dialogue systems. Please visit the &lt;a href=&quot;http://communicator.sourceforge.net/&quot;&gt;Project Home Page&lt;/a&gt; for Software and Documentation.
communico	Communico is (or will be) an open source webmail application released under the GNU GPL. It plans to embrace the principles of the so-called Web 2.0 with open arms and will be powerful, easy to use, easy to install &amp; administer, fully standards compl
communik8r	communik8r is a new email application for phpGroupWare. communik8r uses AJAX, IMAP sockets and client side XSLT. Welcome to the future of webmail!
communimail	SibSoft CommuniMail is a mailing list manager and newsletter script. The goal of CommuniMail is that it&#039;s able to be installed on Linux or Windows server. It could be installed on server without mySQL database and use CSV files as a data storage.
community	A database system and web front-end to maintain membership records for clubs and associations. Has multiple levels of security, web interface, printing of forms to PDF, financial accounting etc. Written in PHP and Python
community-aid	This is a LAMP-based call center system to support local communities. Operators keep track of incomming calls, do calls back to the clients. Interface is via web browser. The idea was borrowed from http://www.goodmorningproject.org/ .
community-cms	This project tries to create a community-cms in PHP
communityart	the goal of the community art project is to build the largest archive of contemporary art while allowing artist to sell their own artwork.
communitycodeau	The infrastructure used and related to the Australian CommunityCode (http://www.communitycode.org) project, including (but not limited to) its web site infrastructure.
communitycoding	Community Coding is an advanced PHP/MySQL code repository.
communitymgr	Web Based Adress managment via Mysql Database, specially for german non profit organisations (but can perhabs be used by others too) Many Adress database systems do not fit on german adress schema, but this do.
communitynews	CommunityNews uses social bookmarking and bayesian techinques to provide periodic postings to blogs.  Users can vote for or against RSS sources ti increase the chances that the source is used again.  Spam filtering (bayesian) is provided by spam bayes.
communityticke	World First .NET Open Source Trouble Ticket System. Easy Installation, Customizable, Extendable and much more!
commy	Commy ? uno script scritto intermanete in php e in italiano per la gestione dell&#039;ecommerce, dall&#039;inserimento alla modifica sul database, alla visualizzazione dei prodotti fino al vero e proprio carrello elettronico, con il calcolo dell&#039;iva
commzone	an open-source WWW discussion Forum based on JSP/Servlets which uses JDBC to store and retrieve messages from a database
comn-stats-mgr	processes configurable inline statistic monitors for all device driver subsystems
comnetity	ComNETity is a multi-purpose network solution allowing to create online communities and share files via a p2p-based system, chat, deserve multimedia content and more.
como	CoMo is a passive monitoring system that supports arbitrary real time traffic queries. Data streams may have different formats (e.g., packet/flow sequences, etc.) and originate from different platforms (e.g, packet sniffers, routers, wireless APs, ...).
comoblog	CoMoBlog stands for &quot;Community Mobile Blogging&quot;. It&#039;s a Blogging application based off the popular open source &quot;Easymoblog&quot; software and is being actively supported and developed by the community that runs it.
comodato	Tibia OTSERV Baseado no Evolutions Server\nFeito pela Equipe World of Comodato
comodo	Delphi &amp; Kylix Components project - Components &amp; Classes for graphic representation of objects (for Visio-Like software). The purpose is to build easy-access librairies for building IDEF,OMT,UML,E/R,Graphcet,Organigram applications.
comon	COM.ON is a Content Management System with main focus on usability, performance and security.
comos	This is a small group of developers that works on the development of new technologies on the Operating Systems/Platforms Area, researching new hardware and software components.
comp-hist	The Computer History Graphing Project is a project to graph every computer standard, every piece of hardware, every OS, and every computer language in one big family tree.
comp6761-proj	Computer graphics course project that features an interactive 3D environment and animation.
compact-effect	The compact effect is one of Linux sound processing projects.The unix command &#039;effector&#039; in the compact effect project processes sound data from DSP input and output it to DSP output. The effector uses Linux real time capabilities as much as po
compactscript	CompactScript is a JavaScript compiler. It compresses script libraries and &lt;script&gt; blocks on a page, using powerful AST-based engine.
companion	Jose Arce Companion it&#039;s a PHP Script that logs several features of a given ftp such as Resume Support, FXP support, upload access, etc
companions	The companions vision is that a personalised conversational, multimodal interface, one that knows its owner, is implemented on a range of platforms.
compann	This is a compiler which produces ANNs out of a simple, procedural programming language. Those programs can then be subject to genetic algorithms and neuro-evolution to enhance them automatically.
companydirec	Uses PHP and mySQL. Generates a company directory with customizable departments and users within these departments. User pictures (&quot;mugshots&quot;) are also incorporated to help others put a face behind a name.
comparatorrefle	Dynamic Implementation of java.util.Comparator Interface.
compare	File Compare is a graphical application that compares two files of any operating system type.
compare-files	This command-line tool will help people who want to compare 2 csv-like files, and get a detailed report on which rows and fields differ between both files. An awk-based version is currently available. A Perl version is under work.
comparedb	CompareDB is a web-based database structure comparison tool.
comparetracks	Comparetracks is a program you can use to compare your GPS tracks.
compas-pro	Comprehensive Meta Prediction and Annotation Services for Proteins: The new all-in-one prediction tool that can be easily extended to include any SOAP/WSDL-enabled prediction servers. A concise user interface lets you use the results instantly.
compasdyn	The Dynamic COMPAS is an electronic system for managing the quality of humanitarian projects, based on the principles of Project Cycle Management and Quality Assurance.
compass	The Compass Framework enables the power of Search Engine semantics to your application stack declaratively. Built on top of the amazing Lucene Search Engine, Compass integrates seamlessly to popular development frameworks like Hibernate and Spring.
compassengine	The COMPASS Engine is a framework for building online games. It aims to use existing web technologies (HTTP, XML, JS) to produce a MVC architecture following RESTful principles.
compassweb	Developed in KBQuest Ltd, Compass framework is an architectural pattern for web application. It provides guidelines for developers to avoid misuse of frameworks.
compbase	Compbase is an integrated environment for managing visual effects on feature films.  It has been used on over 20 films, most recently &#039;300&#039;.
compbench	This project aims to provide a common and convenient environment for evaluating C and C++ compilers&#039; relative performances on some well-known benchmarks and applications.
compbio	A collection of Perl modules and programs for bioinformatics.  Design intention is to make most common, straight-forward tasks in computational biology as simple, and portable, as possible.
compcalc	CompCalc is a command-line calculator written in C++, used for performing inmate sentence computation.  It calculates the Full Time Release date with consideration for Pretrial Credit, Work Credit and Parole eligibility.
compcare	PHP/SQL-based engine for reporting comparative health care performance data by various facets such as topic and year, and historical trending. Outputs user-friendly, Section 508-compliant, graphical reports. Used to compare care measures (process and out
compcorreo	Comprobador de correo es un sencillo programa que comprueba una cuenta de correo periódicamente, dando un tono a un teléfono cuando se reciba un mensaje nuevo en la cuenta. Para cuando esperas un mensaje importante y no puedes estar frente al ordenador.
compets	Compets is a virtual pet game/system, similar to the popular Neopets(r). It is written in Python using the PyGame and SDL libraries. This will allow easy portability between Windows, GNU/Linux and Macintosh.
compframe	CompFrame is a component framework used for building systems.
compframework	Testing framework and general Compiere development framework; db port to hsqldb; DEFUNCT: Too many other similiar projects; vendor moving to derby anyway; effort to be abandoned. Visit homepage for much more info.
compgeom	This started out as a project in class implementing Convex Hull Algorithms and Polygon Tesselation but is expected to grow into a much larger realm of usage, including teaching tools for the sciences, Games, and much more.  Uses JOGL for Display.
compguard	An open source, service oriented architecture that focuses on providing &quot;last mile&quot; solutions to complex and disseparate human business processes.
comphpshell	The com_PHPShell is based on PHP Shell component. com_PHPShell is a component for Mambo CMS.
comphy	A minimalist library for building secure MVC web-based apps.
compiere	Smart ERP+CRM solution for Small-Medium Enterprises in the global market covering all areas from order and customer/supplier management, supply chain to accounting. For $5-500M revenue companies looking for &quot;brick and click&quot; first tier function
compiere-hrms	Compiere Human Resources and Management System (HRMS) is an extension of the Compiere Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and Customer Relations Management (CRM) enterprise-level software package.
compiere-mfgscm	Compiere MFG+SCM Manufacturing Extended System (MES). Include Shop Floor Control, Supply chain management, Quality management, modbus interface, iReport barcode extension etc. Support batch and on demand manufacturing. Works alone or connected to ERP.
compiere-nma	Compiere-NMA is a compiere module for network monitoring, pbx cdr, accounting and billing. Target is to provide the needed infrastructure for providers and companies needed to monitor and bill IP networks based on Compiere ERP + CRM.
compiere-portal	1st, apply and translate Compiere for Vietnamese small &amp; medium biz. 2nd, develop a portal-based application that reused the compiere biz-logic and database but using other technologies: JSP, JSF/Spring/Webworks, Hibernate/iBatis/EJB3, and AJAX.
compiere-ru	Different issues concerning adoption of Compiere ERP/CRM solution to the Russian market including: software translation, local paper forms, etc. This is NOT the compiere.org site or documentation translation project.
compierebi	Compiere BI (Business Intelligence) is an Integration of JPivot/Mondrian project into Compiere ERP/CRM. It provides software and database integration. It aims to develop vertical BI Case Study Models for Enterprises.
compierebrasil	Página do projeto CompiereBrasil, iniciativa de uma versão tropicalizada do Compiere.
compierecms	Add-on module to the Compiere ERP/CRM system providing a significantly improved web store and integrated web content management system.
compieregarment	Compiere Garment ERP system developed (Zoap)for Garment management, it can help those companies to manage their business more efficiently,solidly,flexibly and economically. It has the ability to deal with product by style/color/size in whole sales period
compierejaper	This project provide an add-on for the Compiere ERP/CRM system for using JasperReports reports under Compiere, you can deploy your reports on target client or on Compiere Application Server. Reports are downloaded and compiled only if needed. License GPL
compieremonitor	This project extends the Open-Source ERP-System Compiere(R) with aspectorientation. Its using the aspectoriented language ObjectTeams/Java and was developed within a diploma-thesis at the Technical University Berlin, Germany.
compierept	Compiere Portuguese Localization
compieretk	CompiereTK - Compiere client for Fyracle/Oracle written in TCL/TK. Designed for older PC&#039;s or single user environment.
compiladors	Studying, playing and crashing the core of compilers. Developing a compiler from scratch.
compiler-tests0	Some compiler tests for (C) compilers which are used without a semantic checker.  These tests are necessary to determine if the compilers do produce the necessary errors/warnings e. g. for statements with no effect like {a==b;}.
compilerc--	A compiler for C--, a subset of the C language.
compilermonitor	The compilerMonitor persists a record of all javac error messages and the sources that caused/fixed the errors.  It is a CAUSE (computer-aided usability engineering) tool that analyzes interaction between a developer and the compiler.
compilerthingy	C-subset compiler
compilertool	A tool to generate a parser given a grammar in Backus Naur Form
compileshow	C based project to implement a light show during compilation on linux machines.  The team will need to develop an algorithm to collect the information, and also implement a way to display it.  We&#039;re starting with only linux in mind, but possible exp
compilex	Compilex is a lalr parser generator like yacc. It&#039;s useful to create compilers.
compinabox	CompInaBox is a suite of tools used for planning and running a ballroom dance competition, including automated setup of on-line registration, scheduling, and scrutineering components.
compintegration	Internet Computer Integration is a project that aims to provide flexible designs and base software for devoloping Artificial Intelligence. It is devoloped on a peer-to-peer basis to ease interaction with programs and increase flexibility.
compirisk	Compirisk is a billing solution for Asterisk inside Compiere. CDR are imported inside Compiere and a process will bill them according rules based on MSISDN and Time.
compis	Compis is intended to be a text-chat VCL component for Delphi, similar to mIRC and MSN Messenger chat views. Compis will be able to handle file transfers, URLs, colors, smileys etc...
compitalia	This project is related to the construction and maintenance of a complete Compiere Business Suite specifically targeted to the ITALIAN market. This will be built upon the 4Layers Italian release of the famous Compiere ERP/CRM
complab-sched	Project for creating a Computer lab management schedule for schools.
complat	e3 = jabber + java + plugins + svg ||| web start link: http://complat.sourceforge.net/jnlp
complearn	CompLearn is a general-purpose compression-based machine learning system that uses data compression to learn or data mine patterns in arbitrary data.
complejos	A Simple Software that can calculate Complex Numbers, for Academic use. Binomic (a+bi) &amp; CIS.
complement	Multiplatform C++ libraries. 1. xmt: Portable programming interface to build MultiThreaded (MT) applications or libraries; 2. sockios: interface to sockets (C++ IO streams); 3. StEM: finite state machine/communication framework (communication with events
compleo	Compleo CMS is a PHP/MySQL/JavaScript based content management system with blog support; it is designed to be easy to use for all levels of users. It&#039;s modular design allows for heavy customization with relative ease.
complete	Complete! suggests words as you type. These words are based on what you have typed previously. It runs on MS-Windows and UNIX (X-Window) platforms.
completeproxy	Proxy hunting and testing library for most operating systems
complex-sys-sci	Complex Systems is a toolbox for SCILAB software. \nThis toolbox measures some parameters for graphs representing\ncomplex systems: degree distribution, average neighboring degree, average clustering, and shell index (from k-core decomposition).
complexity	The complexity project will be a home for various tools and libraries associated with modelling complex systems. Initially featured will be the Central Dogma set of gene regulatory network simulation libraries, which have been recently open sourced.
complfw	The aimed users of this project are ISP, that uses Linux and Linux-based hosts as routers/servers. Requirements : Perl interpreter, iproute2 and iptables or ipchains. These  perl scripts, will configure Linux kernel, routing, packet filter and QoS.
complicity	Complicity is a modular CMS implemented in Ruby on Rails that allows indexing and searching of most types of content.
complit	The project is now completely ADempiere ERP based. It consists in a &quot;ready to use&quot; ADempiere Italian Version, with pre-installed translation and localization. ERPLibero is the new project name
complogic	A C# framework that implement competition logic. Typical formats like round-robin and elimination will be supported. This library creates a competition and calculates standings from game results.
compmind	To do research work in cognitive models using RDMS and other forms of data and rule processing formations.
compogenius1	Suite of components cross-IDE/cross-platform to create components.
compol	ShoutChat allows developers to add a instant message shout box to websites
compoman	Compoman is the first _fully automated_ online music competition manager! Designed to deliver the most basic elements of an online music competition and more using PHP and a TCL-driven eggdrop. Easily adapted for any competition type!
component-net	Components for .NET Framework 2.0
componentcreate	Component create is a free tool for designing and building custom Lazarus LCL  FreePascal FCL and Delphi VCL components with point-and-click convenience.
componentfarm	ComponentFarm is a repository of components that are strictly reviewed for reusability through composition.  Only components that are composable and have as few dependencies as possible will be accepted, even if that means no more than 10 components.
componentplanet	Community, news and peer reviews for the developers of container and framework solutions.
componet	COMPONET libraries are aimed at COMPonentization of neural NETworks. For developers of Artificial Intelligence Systems who wish to integrate Neural Networks into their software platform. For help Please Join http://groups.yahoo.com/group/componet/
comport	Delphi/C++ Builder serial communications library.  This is less known and has fewer features compared with AsyncPro.  (http://sourceforge.net/projects/tpapro/)  However, it is generally easier to use for straightforward I/O.
compos	COS - Component-based Operating System
composer	Composer is a html template engine based on processing custom tags in a html code.
composer-ncl	Composer is a graphical authoring tool to create hypermedia documents to interactive digital TV (iDTV) in NCL (Nested Context Language - www.ncl.org.br).
composestar	Compose* is a project that aims at enhancing the modularization capabilities of component- and object-based programming. In particular, Compose* offers aspect-oriented programming through the composition filters model.
composite	Composite is a Java package that provides a standard implementation of the Composite design pattern.  The package is simple and unintrusive, and provides convenient implementations of common usage patterns.
compositix	A production-quality music creation tool for Linux. It will be both a synthesizer, a MIDI sequencer, a tracker and a host to LADSPA and DSSI plugins, interoperatable with JACK, and use GTK+-2.X for the GUI.
composlite	COMPOS Lite is a POS (Point of Sale) software written in JAVA. It runs  in Linux and Windows. It uses Postgresql database.
compost	Compost is a modular image processing program. It has a API for plugin developers and a simple scripting language.
compostfrwork	COMPOST is a Java framework for Invasive Software Composition on language components, i.e. components that contain fragments of code. Invasive operators adapt and extend components, support connectors, view- and aspect-oriented programming.
compote	Compote is a plugable, component-based engine, written in Java, that uses Struts, Hibernate and JSP/Velocity as underlying technologies. In it&#039;s context plugins are struts-modules (news, forum), that can be easy deployed and embedded into compote-en
compound18	Compound 18 is a Windows hardening and policy enforcement tool written in VB. The tool can generate a standalone hardening kit to be run even on a newly installed machine. The tool is fully customizable to the user&#039;s needs.
compoundcalc	A very simple and compact compounding calculator.  Enter Principle ($), Rate (%), Term, and Compounding (%).  You may also choose to account for regular (per period) deposits.
comppiler	It will be simple Pascal&#039;s Interpreter written i C++, dedicated for everyone who want to learn Turbo Pascal, with support for:\n   - i/o operations\n   - arithmetical operations\n   - dynamic memory allocation
comprepaircrm	Computer Repair CRM Open Source Project, A active web based customer management, trouble ticket and billing system for independent computer repair and service professionals and businesses based on the CiteCRM platform which ceased developement last year.
compressmp3	A simple command line program that will use LAME to compress directories of music into a size you can specify. The ID3 tags will be retained in the process.
compressoctree	N-body implementation of two important algorithm : Tree-code (Barnes-Hut) and FMM (Fast multipole Method). We provide this two algorithm with a new data structure named compressed_octree.
compressor	Audio Compressor (for LINUX) - Command line utility to be used for audio (dynamic) compression of WAV files.
comprgm	command programming techniques
comprlib	ComprLib is a library providing a flexible and easy to use interface for encoding and decoding of data, independent of the input and output sources.  New codecs able to encode/decode Arithmetic to LZSS have been ported.
comprosure	Comprosure will be a command line project that aims to ease the software installing/upgrading process on Debian systems.  It is written in Linux Shell but will eventually get a Graphic interface.
compsertrac	The Naches Valley Computer Servicing Assistant is designed to help connect administrators and computer users when a user&#039;s computer needs repair, and allow administrators to track the work they do on computer systems.
compshop	eCommerce components to be used in a Smarty environment for the realisation of (mainly) webshop applications and online catalogues. Designed for multilingual use, currently dutch and english implemented.
compsoc	This project concerns the development of the Canterbury University web site and forum. It is being offered as a Sourceforge project to aid the development and increase the functionality of the application while education CompSoc members.
comptax	Accounting software for French-like accounting systems
comptobatch	Sick of handling ifs and gotos in DOS batch files? Use this compiler to code in a higher level language, the sausage machine turns out the batch file. You want optimization as well? - we&#039;ve got it.
comptool	Tool for the building of simple avisynth script from which is possible to automate the video compression with any codec and audio files into the formats: Mp3, Ogg and Wav; the tool have also a Compress Test and a Bitrate/size calc.
compu-cms	The Compu-CMS is an OpenSource Content Management System for any webmaster.Where still planning the features. An alpha version will be available in February 2006. The alpha version will be delivered to selected people only !
compudyna	This project&#039;s goal is to develop a high performance computational engineering dynamics (CED) software by integrating existing opensource tools e.g. MPI, BLAS etc. and developing the core CED solver. Target areas are Aerospace, BioTech, NanoTech etc
compuker	A simple implementation of a compiler(interpreter exactly),for the use of simple calcluation program,or for a novice to learn the theory of compiler
compusystems	SGI - System of Real estate Management for evaluation, in this phase of development.
computableplant	The computable plant project is a computational approach to model the development and growth of the plant shoot apical meristem, the plant tissue where regulated cell division and differentiation takes place and from which all plant cells derive.
computeip	ComputeIP does IP scanning and IP Subnet calculation.Scanner uses multithreading to find status,MAC and host.It has easy troubleshooting interfaces to check the current subnet, n/w,loopback,g/w,internet reachability.Calculator can create or find subnet
computerbreaker	Computer Breaker is a network testing tool that allows networking administrators to test if a computer is vulnerable to malicious attacks. Using the Nessus scanner, computer-breaker scans the remote host and automaticaly exploits its vulnerabilities.
computerbuilder	The Custom Computer builder is a PHP script that creates a website for a user to put together and order a custom computer. It would be great for the website of a Custom Computer Manufacturing Company.
computermanager	Computer Manager is the first OS that takes advantage of the DOS and Linux filesystems. It also makes doing jobs easier for everyone. Once it is complete, it will be made available to everyone!
computerstore	The computerstore project simulates an online computer store,a place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. It will provide more convenience and interactive experiences to both shopkeepers and customers.
computerwinkel	We will develope a Automated ComputerStore in Java. First part will be simple Java code. In a second part, februari 2005, this project will be expanded.
computing	P2P software for distributed computing. This is open source, scalable software for solving various tasks, which can be splitted between different computers.
compwars	The project on development online of game and to its(her) introduction in ours ??????????? the world.\nThe author of the project: Darwin aka Ivo Dimitrov
compwebchess2	CompWebChess 2 is an open source web-based chess program and application which allows you to play chess over the internet in a turn-based setting, using PHP and MySQL. Home Page: http://www.compwebchess.com/cms/index.php
compy386emu	A Compy 386 Emulator as seen on HomestarRunner.com
comrad	The Compass Radius project is a WIN32 RFC compliant radius implementation written in Delphi 5.0. The main goal is to develop a RFC compliant radius system for the WIN32 platform with database support and plugin hooks into the radius process.
comrade-bt	Comrade is Java Bit Torrent client based on the Snark implementation.  End goals include an encrypted peer protocol.  Development is slow as free time permits.
comraf	Machine learning toolkit for unsupervised and semi-supervised clustering that demonstrates excellent results on real-world data (see Bekkerman et al. ICML-2005 and ECML-2006).
comresolver	Simple COM based DNS resolver
comrpv1	This app is an roleplay add-on for the web based game &quot;Combattre ou mourir&quot;.
comrt	Supervising system with same functionnalities as TASE2/ICCP protocol. Can be seen as a Real-time database system. Based on MICO/CORBA and written in C++, and GUI is FLTK.
coms	COMS is a Technical Conference management system. It provides a web interface for managing a conference. Some of the brief facilites include submission of papars by authors, reviewing those paper by reviewers and conference supervision by the chair.
coms-cms	CoMS-CMS is an OpenSource desktop CMS (content management system). It manage websites (HTML, JS) and is an graphical editor for it. CoMS-CMS offers an professional CMS with all needed functions. Developer can easily create Plug-Ins to extend the Programm
comsams	comsams - communicate with your Samsung mobile phone. You can download pictures, telefon entrys and display phone information. This software communicates with the phone over irda or usb cable. Tested with: - SGH-E700 (irda) - SGH-D600 (usb cable) comsams
comsci309g11	A tetris-type game being developed for our Com Sci 309 Group Project
comspari	COMSPARI (COMparison of SPectral And Retention Information) is being developed to 1) visualize mass spectrometric data and, more importantly, to 2) visualize 2 sets of mass spectral data simultaneously in a format that easily allows for comparison.
comsplitter	This project aims to provide an application which can accept any number of client connections.  Depending on the port that the client connects to, the data passed to the application will be sent to any number of servers simultaneously.
comsuite	The project purpose is to allow SAP R/3 servers to communicate with external devices such as fax and GSM modems by sending and receiving a fax or SMS. The system provides an easy way of configuration based on web interface and JMX console.
comtalk	ComTalk uses MSAgent Technology, created by Microsoft, to make an easy to use interface with Speech Recognition and Text-To-Speech technologies. The MSAgent system is the same used to produce the assistants in Microsoft Word and other Microsoft Programs.
comtech-snmp	A bunch of scripts providing snmp interface for Comtech CDM SCPC modems.
comtuxaps	ComtuxAPS is an open source effort to build user friendly administration tools.   With these improved administration tools such as a system installer, and new packaging system, it will be possible to solve dependency problems within linux/unix.
comtypes	comtypes is a pure Python, lightweight COM client and server framework, based on the ctypes Python FFI package.
comunit	A VB/COM implementation of the JUnit unit testing framework.
comvironment	ComVironment is an Open-Source platform to set up network-based learning environments, using an innovative CMS that makes it possible to create an individual learning-platform.
comwiz	COM Wiz is a smart system analysis and repair utility with COM Component wizard. The project was previously one of our (Tech Science GmbH) commercial products and is now fully published to the Open Source Community.
comwrapper	COM Wrapper for Java
comxe	ComXe project joined Adempiere project. Please visit http://sourceforge.net/projects/adempiere/ ComXe project has several aims: 01) Run Compiere ERP-CRM on free Oracle XE database. 02) Simplify development process of Compiere ERP-CRM system. 03) Integrat
comxmlrpc	XML-RPC Library for Common Object Model (COM)
con-man	Con-Man is an easy to use, well sculptured XML-XSL rendering engine. It includes on-the-fly content management, XSL editor in Java and has been used as an embedded engine in Value - Open Source ERP system. It is fully in Java, is interoperable between pl
con-rail	Software included in con-rail products, such as LocoNet based model railway signals.
con-scrib	Conscrib is a content management system (cms) suitable for web masters of  medium sized web sites, that want to allow other and less experienced people to edit parts of the site.
con-struct	Goal of this project is to build a graphical programming language (with its own IDE) that gets rid of those pesky over-multiple-screen-paranthesis-constructions known from almost every language available. It should also conform as much as possible to UML
con2mo	con2mo is a WAP PUSH gateway to be setup within minutes on your own webserver. A simple UI provides you with function to send text SMS and WAP PUSH messages to mobile phones. Requires a prepaid account from www.SMSKaufen.de
con2nelson	board game AI: zero-sum games
conacq	Conacq is a constraint network acquisition framework, based on  choco.sourceforge.net.
conan	Remade Conan game from the Apple II, under a Win32 plataform (Win9x, Win2000, WinXP). Later it can be ported to PocketPC (maybe)
conancom	Community structure analysis
concad	A 2D CAD program for Linux and Windows made with C++ and the Qt library. The GUI will be similar to AutoCAD.
concalc	To be replaced with ADS project.
concathtml	This Java tool retrieves and concatenates several HTML files including their referenced (sub-)documents into a single (HTML) document, and zips it together with images and/or a stylesheet. Thereby complete manuals are created ready to be viewed or printe
concentration	Match a picture with its name in the alloted time to win. This game is played like the game known as Concentration, Memory or Match. There are multiple levels, a highscore, and soundtrack. This game might be helpful to someone learning Python and pyGame
concentre-xml	&quot;Concentré&quot; is a Xforms/Xml framework based on 3 differents projects : xslt2xforms, libxforms and on a MVC php 5 framework. The objective is to provide a complete xforms/xml toolbox based only on w3c standards.
concentric	Klaro ConCentric is a collection of general purpose classes. It covers recurrent problem solutions for logging, text processing, XML and servlet processing, mailing and others. Klaro ConCentric is based on Java 5 and will not work using Java 1.4.
concept	a tcl script that is made for eggdrop1.6.x. it has loads of features, and very easy-to-use. see cvsweb
concept-a	Attempt to write my own os from scratch.
concept-dsp	This is a simulation for explaining the concept of fourier series.  Various waves like square, triangular and ramp can be seen by weighted addition of their harmonics.
conceptextract	Extract a Term Concept Map from Wikipedia. It takes an export of the Wikipedia and imports it into a database. The extracted term concept map can then serve as a basis for semantically enhancing applications, with the depth and bredth of the Wikipedia.
concepting	The Concepting Framework has as intention to facilitate the development of WEB-Based applications. This everything includes architecture MDA, Design Patterns and JAVA.
conception	Conception is a collaborative environment for the development of concept systems (thesauri, taxonomies, classification schemes) to be used as information management tools with a community, organisation or enterprise.
conceptoriented	The project aimes to develop the concept-oriented paradigm underlying next generation programming, database model, analysis and design.
conceptspace	ConceptSpace is a Java Application for sorting and browsing items according to Conceptual Spaces, which may be time, space, taste, emotion, or any other property.
conceptual	coNCePTuaL is a domain-specific programming language for rapidly generating network performance tests.  A few lines of coNCePTuaL code can produce programs that would take significantly more effort to write in a conventional programming language.
conceptvista	JAVA based ontology/concept-map creation and visualization tool. Features semantic searching, Internet browsing, CiteSeer, ontology styling support, perspective views of concepts. Stores and imports RDF/OWL ontologies. www.geovista.psu.edu/ConceptVISTA
concern	A Process Engine building on a new concept with outstanding flexibility. The process flow is not fixed, instead it is described in a way that allows the kernel to identify the appropriate activity depending on the subject&#039;s properties.
concert	The CONCERT System has 4 types of users: (1) instructors who teach their subject; (2) testwriters who contribute exercises; (3) students who seek training and certification; and (4) administrators. The contributions of each are ranked by the others.
concertchat	Context-aware chat tool written in Java, supporting visual references to various types of shared material, allowing for efficient communication e.g. in virtual meetings. Currently features a powerful whiteboard, screenshot viewer and webpage viewer.
concertdb	Database creation, management, and display system for concert recording collections.
concertina	Concertina --- a tool for handling DNA microarray data files
concerto	A PHP/Harmoni digital asset management tool, Concerto allows the cataloguing of multimedia in DublinCore, VRA, MARC, and user-defined schemes. Media can be searched across schemes, put into annotated slideshows, or used in other programs such as Segue2.
conchess	ConChess - A console based chess game\n\nThis is a console based chess game with basic chess rules for 2 players. Yet, there is no single-player mode with AI implemented.
concierge	Concierge OSGi is an OSGi (Open Service Gateway Initiative) R3 framework implementation optimized for resource-constrained devices like mobile and embedded systems.
concisus	Concisus is a collaborative environment (a groupware) based on the idea of separating application from information. Concisus is a eGroupware branch to provides a framework to manipulate informations and their relations using a web-based interface.
concms	conCMS is a Content Management System, based on PHP5. This project allows you to add some features very easy because of OOP. The System is just a backend, the Frontend is just in the HTML Source.
concollate	Concollate - a collocation detection tool creating a text corpus text following web search results. For the Google interface we wish to thank Utz Roedig (http://www.cs.ucc.ie/~ur1/) for his coding example. Detailed description in the .zip
concordedsp	ConcordeDSP -- A user friendly, Open Source, GUI-based DSP filter design and waveform analysis environment
concordia	XtConcordia is a &#039;Content Management System&#039; particularly designed to be used by LAN-party organisations. XtConcordia can be used on the Internet to simplify user subscriptions and on the Intranet to manage your own LAN-party event.
concur	Concur is an extremely scalable multithreaded transparent drop-in replacement for malloc() and other standard memory allocation calls. Scales linearly to any number of CPU cores. More scalable and memory efficient than mtmalloc, ptmalloc, Hoard, etc.
concurrence	Concurrence is a networked file editing program that enables multiple people to modify a document simultaneously. It is written entirely in Python, and uses the wxPython library for the GUI and the Twisted library for networking.
concurrentlock	&quot;ConcurrentLock&quot; is a way for applications to allow multiple threads SIMULTANEOUS READ and EXCLUSIVE WRITE access to a C++ class (or class elements).
concurrentquery	This package enables developers to run multiple SQL queries concurrently.  The advantage realized by doing this is faster end-user response because instead of serializing queries, one after another, they are executed at once.
concurrpuzzles	A concurrent Puzzle with thread
concussion	Common Customisation Engine provides shared and linked settings for software. It is the main customisation engine of \\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot;The Wimp\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot; window manager, but its real goal is to provide a sensible unification of customisation for any p
concutest	Concutest is a collection of tools designed to make the development and testing of concurrent Java programs easier and more reliable. Concutest is available under the Concutest License and under active development by the JavaPLT group at Rice University.
condai	An attempt at developing an Artificial Inteligence software, based on the notion that inteligence is a set of conditional choices (in programming terms, it means a whole lot of if statements).
condb	The goal of condb is to develop a database system, accompanied by full end-user data entry and report generation interfaces, for storing and managing information relating to conventions, conferences and other similar events.
condense	ConDEnSE (Confidential Data Enabled Statistical Exploration) will be a web-based environment for statistical analysis of confidential data from various database sources, based on Plone and R, and using the Jackknife method of confidentiality protection.
condict	Condict is a cross-platform GUI program for creating dictionaries.
condiskcat	Condiskcat - Console Disk Cataloger - Utility to catalog and search for files on removable media
condition2	Extension of the netfilter condition module to support condition setting via packet matching and condition un-setting via timeout.
condom-inio	Very basic apartment building administration.
condor	Inventory a group of windows machines with your desire details. Only modifing a XML file, adding or removing details as you want. Generate a XML file for each machine
condor-bpm	Condor is a battle plan maker for Final Fantasy VII, destined to simplify Speed Run and Low Level Challenge preparations.
condor-ext	The project offers extensions for source code available in the Condor system (www.cs.wisc.edu/condor). The modifications are backported to the Condor distribution. Amongst others, we are offering an improved implementation of the Condor DRMAA C library.
condorcet-dd	Preference (or approval) ballot tabulation to select winner(s) of election contests or rank decisions.  Uses dropping cost minimization to combine two Condorcet methods: Cloneproof Schwartz Sequential Dropping and Tideman&#039;s Ranked Pairs.
condorm	The Computerized Network-based Dormitory Manager (aka CoNDorM) is a J2EE web application that aims to aid dormitory managers in maintaing a dormitory. It aims to implement features such as billing management and reports generation.
condottieri	Condottieri is a network based, multiplayer game, inspired in Avalon Hill&#039;s classic &quot;Machiavelli&quot;. The game is set in Renaissance Italy but it&#039;s easily adaptable to other scenarios and eras as long as the rules are like the ones in &q
conductor	Conductor is a web based GUI interface for developers using Symfony
conductrpg	Conductor is a turn-based, plot-driven RPG made with SHPERE. It will feature &quot;IBC&quot; (an original, player friendly battle system) as well as high-end 2D Graphics, an Instrumental Alternative Rock soundtrack, voice acting and 30+ hours of Gameplay
conduet	Other Operating Systems
conduit	High performance, real-time data analysis engine capable of processing from various sources simultaneously (syslog, files, sockets, etc). Triggers internal and user-defined events based on built-in and user-defined rules.
conduitcpp	C++ Networking Library
conduitmanager	Provides a UI for installing and uninstalling java conduits to the Palm Hotsync manager. Featured conduits are the XML java conduits for the basic Palm pilot applications. Which perform a full mirror synchronisation between the handheld and the desktop.
conect	CONECT is a software to design, setup, commission and test home and building-automation systems. It will support various bus systems such as EIB.
conecta	Network workstations administrator. With one click you will control many workstations, install/remove/upgrade applications and configurations.
conectayas	Conectayas is an open source &quot;Connect-4&quot; alike game but transformable to &quot;Tic-Tac-Toe&quot; and to a lot of similar games that uses mouse. Written in DHTML (JavaScript, CSS and HTML). Very configurable. Was tested on BeOS, Linux, *BSD, Win
conector	A logistic game, developed in Java - a homework for university studies and our very first project.
coned	The yate will be a small and fexible text based editor for the dos-prompt and the console under linux. It will have syntax highlight, macro support, flexible program options, multiple files editing, optimizing screen output, and many more ...
coneq	ConEq (Constitutive Equations) project reserches behaviour of materials according to different theories (plasticity, viscoplasticity, viscoelastoplasticity, rheological models, crystal models and so on...).
conesys	CONESYS, the COntent NEtwork SYStem, provides interoperable connectors and a self-configuring router guiding the harvester module to collect content from distributed sources and legacy systems.
conex	Conex is a web-based community system for constructing and conducting behavioural experiments
conexion	An Open Distributed Service Model in Java
conexp	Concept Explorer implements basic functionality, needed for students and researchers in field of Formal Concept Analysis.
conexus	conexus is a generalized C++ I/O library that includes support for BSD sockets, pipes, serial/tty, packet capture (via pcap), et. al. conexus utilizes sigc++ for object communication. A companion library, conexusmm, provides a set of gtkmm widgets.
conf	conf - Configuration management system
conf-db	CDB is a simple script which allows to save current Unix/Linux configuration very easily and fast. The main purpose of this is to configure the standard system configuration without using different (GUI) configurators when previously installed system has
conf2xml	conf2xml is a library that allows to transform a linux configuration file to an xml document, and in the other way back.
conf4j	xmlpull based library to read config files and export elements that will be retrieve through getters
confab	System software for building privacy-sensitive context-aware systems that make use of sensor data to provide useful services for end-users.
conference	The product for Plone (Archetypes based) designed for management of web presentations of conferences. It has tools for conferee registration, article insertion and reviewing, conference activities management, conference calendar, and reservation.
conferenceadmin	Intended as a simple and easy to use scientific conference administration tool using PHP/MySQL which follows the conventions found in social and behavioural sciences. An intuitive GUI is meant to simplify complex database relationships for the end user.
conferencemanag	Conference Manager
conferinstall	ConferInstall is a program and some documentation to facilitate setting up a Palm Sync Point to distribute conference data to attendees&#039; PalmOS devices. It is meant to be used by people manning the infodesk at a conference and has been used at HAL20
confex	Confex is an simple Eclipse RCP application for using configuration tree based on XML config file.Using it you may connect at one configuration tree your different computer resources like url-links,jdbc connections,jdbc requests,file folders and other.
confiance	CONFIANCE stands for CONFerencing IMS-enabled Architecture for Next-generation Communication Experience: an implementation of the IETF XCON (Centralized Conferencing) framework and of the BFCP (Binary Floor Control Protocol)
config	Config++ is a library for reading config file data written on C++
config-dhcpd	Graphical tool to configure dhcpd.
config-inifiles	A Perl module for reading &quot;.INI&quot; style configuration files. Provides Object-Oriented and tied hash usage styles.
config-model	Config-Model provides a framework to validate the semantic content of any configuration data. With a configuration model (data structure), config-model provides a validation engine. End user can use a shell-like interface (à la readline) to enter config
config-plus	libConfig++ is a portable and flexible C++ library for reading configuration files which were written in C style syntax.
config-py	This Python module provides easy access to configuration file settings for control of script execution.  The method is extremely flexible and powerful because of the use of python to define settings and its optional heirarchical settings organization.
config4gnu	A simple, unified configuration interface for administrators and end-users of Linux. Flexible, plugin-oriented front-ends (command line, GUI, web) and back-ends work together, allowing software programmers to create rich interfaces with minimal effort.
configchecker	Config Checker - a program to check configuration files (&quot;configs&quot;) of Quake engine-based games (Q3, Half-Life/CS, Jedi Knight II etc.)
configd	Configd is a new approach to linux administration.  Configuration files are defined as a tree of regular expressions which can be edited, displayed, and saved.
configfs	ConfigFS is a linux kernel patch that tries to make more information available about drivers and the devices that they manage. In a second step it should also be used to allow the configuration of drivers.
configgen	ConfigGen is an easy-to-use and fully-organized web-based config.txt generator for OpenKore
configii	Perl module Config::Inifiles::Interpolate that extends Config::Inifiles, primarily to support interpolated variables in config files
configj	ConfigJ is a Configuration library for Java. The idea is to provide configuration properties to the application independant of the way the configuration properties are persisted. Configurations can be named which allow to define different configurations.
configloader	Java class for loading XML based configuration files in developer-friendly style.
configmanager	Configuration managment utility that manages multiple configurations in Java environment. Easily integrated to manage configurations for common java packages like log4j. Currently supports log4j, property and XML configurations.
configmgmt	Tools for managing system configuration files, generating configuration files from templates, and updating system configurations.
configmgr	C++ class to manage configuration files and a generator to create an application specific configuration manager class to be included in the application code.
configo	Configo is an Open Source XML validation framework, modelling language and Eclipse plugin for Java application configuration.
configobj	A python module for ultra simple handling of configuration files. Also useful for human readable data persistence. Flexible and simple.
configparser	Configuration Parser based upon Key / Value situations. Also includes an Attribute lookup table, useful for ingame Option Tables
configpatch	ConfigPatch is a &quot;meta-config&quot; utility. It reads configuration files in several formats, applies patches using application-independent commands, then writes the changed files. Use ConfigPatch to re-apply your config changes after reinstalling/u
configportal	ConfigPortal is an adaptable, comprehensive, and secure configuration portal designed to provide an easily customizable and usable interface for both users and administrators to manage the configuration of an arbitrarily defined system.
configrouter	This is a TCL/Expect script to help automate configuring multiple routers and switches, simultaneously. It works with most routers and switches. This software could also be used to automate sessions with a server using telnet or ssh.
configrw	configrw is a library to read and write configuration files (*.ini: initialization files). The configuration file is only parsed once to obtain all information wanted. configrw doesn&#039;t destroy comments.
configsafe	A tool to manage configurations of network devices in CVS, such as Cisco routers and switches, 3COM equipment, and more.  Uses a combination of perl and TCL to extract configuration, and dump into a repository.  Modules are easily written to support new 
configurabill	Configurabill : Real-time Convergent Scalable Billing Platform
configuration	A fully internationalized Java API for configuration information, enabling clients to access configuration information from the file system and centralized storage, in a configurable, flexible fashion.
configurator	Configurator is a GTK interface for configuring various aspects of Gentoo Linux
configure	Configure is a little framework to configure java classes with XML. Often it is necessary to configure a cupple of class or a special class. Configure helps you to do it in a easy way with XML. This project is a subproject of javacontrol
configure-wifi	This project&#039;s aim is to make a stable and user friendly interface to wireless-tools in Unix/Linux boxes such that only answering questions should be enough to configure a wireless network connection.
configurewtf	ConfigureWTF: Configuring free and open source software Without The Fuss
configurize	Configurize is a configuration management application for Linux-based systems.
configuru	ConfiGuru is a set of modular cross-platform configuration tools and libraries for client applications. Each tool provides one interface to all supported applications in its targeted catergory e.g. Mail ConfiGuru for configuring email client applications
configutron	Configutron is a generic XML based application configuration module. It provides the application developer to define and load XML based app configurations without having to write a single line of Java code to parse and read the configuration file.
confit	conFIT is a FitNesse for Eclipse Plugin that enables developers to more easily use the FitNesse and Fit frameworks from within the Eclipse environment.
confitura	A configuration manager and a portable library that goes along with it, which together would enable applications to manage their configuration in a very simple way.
confixure	Confixure will attempt to ease configuration of various software. Initially, it will support interactive editing/generation of the httpd.conf (Apache) and php.ini (PHP5) files.
conflib	conflib is configuration file processing interface, it is in ANSI C.
conflict-mrbs	Codename: Conflict is an open-source research project for implementing a third-party 3d engine into an established game design and architecture.
conflicteditor	CVS Conflict Editor is the must have companion to CVS and WinCVS. No more scrolling down chasing for conflict markers in your files, CVS Conflict Editor does it for you. You can edit your file to solve the conflicts in place, or use the conflict solving
conflictsolver	A resource-scheduling application (including timeline view) for use in small institutions.
confluencer	Confluencer is a FrontEnd of Atlassian Confluence. It&#039;s written in Delphi 7 Ent using Confluence Remote API. Confluencer.NET is written in C#. http://confluence.atlassian.com/display/CONFEXT/Confluencer
conflux	Conflux is a data collection and management suite, designed to aid the user in performing searches and managing the search results in a manner which may be useful for a team or workgroup.  Searches, search results and manually-entered URLs may be bundled
conflux-gen	System for creating, organizing and processing genealogical data. Its main intention is to offer user friendly but powerful user interface for genealogy hobbists. Extensible nature of system guarantees easy implementation of new features.
confluxlite	Conflux is a Web-based groupware and file management solution intended to organise and facilitate peoples work at the office. The basic functionality includes a file depository, shared calendars, tasks, contacts, discussions, and an email client.
confman	Confman is a web based system for conference management
conform	Conform is an XML based configuration handling framework developed in java,  allowing easy integration of configuration functionality into existing applications. Conform can automatically generate a configuration GUI form for the hosting application.
conforza	ConForza is a tool to view, listen, print, and even compose sheet music files. Features include: MIDI, ETF, and NIFF file reading and writing; zoom in and out; playback with highlights, instrument change, and tempo control...
confox	conFox - a Firefox extension that allows the user to change the www.hattrick.org conferences look, assigning colours and nicknames to specific users, among other features.
confreg	Conference/Convention Registration System
confstore	A configuration backup utility. Confstore scans your system for all recognised configuration files and then stores them in a simple archive. confstore can also restore configuration from these archives.
confsync	A tool to aid in the management of configuration files for large clusters of unix machines.
conftourney	PHP script intended for Confrontation (a miniature game by Rackham) tournament organizers to help to enter tournament results and calculate cumulative scores and rankings for players quickly and easily with their web browser.
confucius	An Avalon based J2EE Framework which minimizes the complexity and coding effort for middle tier programming by externalize SQL, business logic and workflow logic into XML configuration files.
confux	confux is a new approach to generate configuration files. It constructs those files from multiple &#039;particles&#039; which each can add it&#039;s own features to the file. Particles are easier to code than ebuilds.
confyc	ConfyC is a graphical tool to easily edit all kinds of configuration files. With additional modules, configuration files of most programs may be configured. Also the modules themselves may be created with the standard-module of ConfyC.
conga	The purpose of this project is to promote the development of simple console games in python, using simple libraries such as curses, sockets, etc. These could be used for general entertainment, and as source code examples of many aspects of game developme
congaconfig	Conga is lightweight but action-packed Java library for defining and accessing configuration data. Features include: arbitrary and hierarchical data sources/formats, auto-reload, data change events and history. See http://congaconfig.sourceforge.net/wiki
congen	An approach for model driven frontend development.
conglomerate	Conglomerate is a free user-friendly XML editor, for DocBook and other document types.  It aims to hide the complexity and jargon of XML behind a friendly GUI.
congo	The ConGO (Contextually Grouped Objects) data engine provides extreme flexibility for evolving data structures, allowing for multiple and changing data schemas. ConGO also integrates with our RAD tools, multiple interface channels &amp; Nongo scripts.
congruency	Congruency isnt any one thing its a collection of many things. Think of Congruency as an operating environment to unify different web applications. I would like to see multiple different web applications running concurrently in Congruency.
congui	Console GUI library, similar to TurboVision but with support for Win32/DOS
conic	Conic Planet is a CGI application which renders a photo-realistic real-time image of the Earth and other planets. It has support for Azimuthal, Mercator, Mollweide, Orthographic, and Rectangular projections. It also shows the current cloud covering.
conio	Borland-style CONIO (COnsole Input Output) implementation for Win32 MinGW/Dev-C++.
conitor	CONitor is a UNiX-based monitoring program that logs keyboard and screen activity to a partition.
conjecture	Conjecture is a modular, extensible, open-source C++ framework for Optical Character Recognition (OCR). It is not a single OCR, but rather an extensible collection of OCRs that can be explored, compared, extended and modified within a unified environment
conjugaison	Conjugaison is a very simple and usefull soft to conjugate french verbs on your Palm OS.
conjugate	A simple, easy-to-use program for conjugating spanish verbs in the console or in a snazzy GUI. Recognizes nearly all irregular verbs automatically and it\\&#039;s easy to add more. Works on any OS Python supports, including Windows and most unix-based sys
conjugate0021	A spanish conjugator, that conjugates irregulars in five tenses: Present, Preterite, Imperfect, Future, and Conditional. (This is an old version of Conjugate, for newer goto: sourceforge.net/projects/conjugator
conjugator	This is a powerful little Spanish Conjugator that will conjugate verbs in their infinitive form into five tenses using a simple, and forward interface. These conjugations include irregular verbs, as well as regular. (Spanish Conjugator)
conjugnu	ConjuGNU is a GNU verb conjugation program.  It will soon become a fully fledged grammar checker, hopefully to be integrated in OOo.  Currently only for Spanish, it will include English, French, Italian, Portuguese and others, most likely in that order.
conker	A startup project for the desired emulation of a game named Con Online.
conkest	This project is a implementation of the boardgame Risk with some especial cards, and some special events that makes the game more interesting. The map of the game can be made with a simple XML file. You can design your own map and play with it.
conky	Conky is an advanced, highly configurable system monitor for X based on torsmo
conlib	Conlib is a portable console input/output library supporting cursor and color attributes management, frames drawing, string-oriented output etc.
conmailtool	A simple command line utility to perform various tasks on a remote POP3 e-mail box.  Intended as a replacement for the Email Manipulator utility(mailtool.exe).  List and delete messages by size, range, or keyword.  Handy for tech support.
conmaster	Software to manage small conventions (especially gaming conventions), including registration, event tracking, publication management, scoring, and mailing.
conmms	ConMMS is a console based frontend to (lib)xmms. It has a user interface that gives access to the xmms playlist and equalizer from the console.
conmon	ContentMoniker is used inside an existing site, in situations where you wish to allow users to add content, such as a Lyrics Database, or a Guitar Tabs Database, or a Database of Guides for games etc. The content can be controlled by the site admins.
conmsgr	Console based messaging client/server application.
connect	With Connect you can easily browse FTP and HTTP sites. All file transfers are queued and not limited to one at a time, you can process multiple transfers from different servers at the same time. Connect offers many additional features.
connect-4	Simple connect four game.  Very buggy.  Enjoy at your own risk.
connect-four	A simple, text-based console game that mimics the game known as &quot;Connect-Four&quot; that allows for either one or two players.
connect-four-3d	This is an openGL version of &quot;Connect four 3D&quot; (german: &quot;Vier gewinnt 3D&quot;) for MS Windows 2000/XP. It is played on 4 x 4 x 4 field. The player who first connects 4 of his tokens in a row, diagonal, etc wins. Single- and multiplayer (T
connect4	A open implementation of the famous Connect 4 game for Linux, Win32 and the web.
connect4swt	This project is intended as an example implementation of Java with SWT and Draw2D. It is also a pretty good Connect4 game that you play against the computer.
connect5d	Libraries to facilitate the integration of 5D Information Management products with other systems.
connecta	A web-based chat engine with a rich client.
connectedworlds	Loosely based on &quot;Stargate SG-1&quot;, &quot;Connected Worlds&quot; is intended to be an &quot;different&quot; realtime 3D strategy game, capable to enable massive ammounts of players to play in a (hybrid) persistent universe. All planets in this un
connectfive	A 3D connect five game which is played on a checkerboard type board (19x19) instead of the Connect Four board.
connectfour	This is a program able to play the connect-four game, using a minimax tree search. The interesting part is that the search tree is independent of the heuristic and can be reused. Is written in compiled java.
connection	connection  is just a script to ease the connection of  wireless access  points when youre roaming, without needing a huge amount of tools, and  without any needed  knowledge about wireless tools and connection commands
connectionism	A class library written in Objective-C++ for building models of connectionist networks (neural networks).  The class-hierarchy is designed to be maximally general and expandable, but also to support specific types of network.
connectixboards	Connectix Boards is a forum PHP script, allowing you to manage your community as easy as possible. Many options are available for administrating, moderating or simply using the forum.
connectman	Do you have to connect to a lot of systems, using ssh, telnet, vnc and/or rdesktop? The Connection Manager lets you configure all of these connections, and access them by name, so you aren\\&#039;t forced to remember how to connect to each system.
connector	A J2EE Connector to send and receive email messages, with some example applications.
connectplc	plc connectivity and software associated on ?volutive open os
connectportlet	WSRP (WSRP4J) Embedding Example, a Java portlet that can be used to build embedded applications. Requires WS-WSRP4J and Tomcat.
connects	The true power of technology is it&#039;s ability to connect individuals and facilitate communication between people. CONNECTS! is a website that emulates a modified web browser to create a shared browsing experience.
connex	ConneX is a pure p2p collaboration platform based on JXTA technologie. its provides Real-Time collaboration tools in form of Plug-ins (instant messaging, file sharing, chat, whiteboard, slide show).
connie	Connie is a fairly boring little GUI (mmmmm gooey) Perl script that I use to send ifup/ifdown to my gateway machine on an IP Masq-ing setup. Requires Tk, Net::Telnet, and LWP::Simple to function.
connla	Connla is a Java library for creating data collections which can be exported to TXT, CSV, HTML, XHTML, XML, PDF and XLS formats.
connmother	Connection Mother is a simple framework by JAVA that facilitates Unit Tests with JDBC. It depends on EasyMock framework to simulate a connection. It&#039;s based on ObjectMother?s pattern that hides out the complexity to build up a fake database connecti
connotea	Connotea is an online reference management system.  It allows users to store and organise their links and scholarly references online, and can automatically import bibliographic data from online archives. This project hosts the source code for Connotea.
conntrack	Track all IP/TCP, IP/UDP, NetBeui, IPX/SPX connections and  ARP/RARP traffic. Optionally save connections in MySQL database. Implement http server so you can view connections with web browser or GTK client. Can send fake ARP reply and kill TCP connection
connview	ConnView is conntrack table viewer. It is php script - frontend for ip_conntrack table. You can choose filtering, sorting for connections. Script recognizes common services in conntrack table .You can see connection list, or detail list per IP, etc.
cono	CoNo is an Eclipse plug-in. It relies on the Eclipse IDE platform.  CoNo is established to provide Eclipse users a convenient way to take brief notes when editing source files in the editor.  The notes will not be published as comments do.
conorgan	Author and organize texts to be saved in standard xhtml format. Collaborate with other writers in editing, revising, and adding content.  Versioning, backups, and accessible central database of works.
conpar	Object oriented context-dependent parser (C++). The primary goal is use the input to create customized objects in your programm. The secondary make them live (perform input based actions).
conquerer	The project Conquerer of Toran is a realtime, network, strategy game. The purpose of the game is to conquerer the world of toran, i.e. to conquerer many towns while other players do so as well. It is a client-server architecture available for Win32/X11.
conquest	An attempt to create an open source clone of the Total War series. View the wiki for this project: http://scratchpad.wikia.com/wiki/Dark_Ages:_Conquest Special thanks to Peter Arbor for his work on the Freeland Graphic Tilesets 2.0 for FreeCiv
conquest-game	A turn based strategy PHP Web Game. It will be based on either the period during the Peloponnesian War or around the Middle Ages, to the extent of the names of the units and the selectable civilizations the choice would not effect game play.
conquestoftime	&quot;Conquest of Time&quot; is a turn based strategy game inspired by Civilization and Empire. You start with one city and one unit - search your opponents and defeat them! (Note: Java 1.5.0 needed for running.)
conquestrpg	Conquest is an rpg designed in C++. Current feature include: Battles, exploring, user statistics. Eventually it will be ported to visual C++ and have online capabilities.
conrad	If you are congenitally bad at time management, Conrad is your brain implant.  Manage your life like a small business. Conrad will help make sure you stay on schedule and on-deadline the office or at school, and help you avoid burnout and procrastination
conradcrf	Conrad is both a high performance Conditional Random Field engine which can be applied to a variety of machine learning problems and a specific set of models for gene prediction using semi-Markov CRFs.
conrepstudio	ConRep Studio is an advanced Content Repository management tool. The tool can be used with any JSR170 compliant content repository. The administrator can see different perspectives of the system like content, versioning, search etc. The UI is based on SW
consense	ConSense is a singular &quot;jack of all trades&quot; web development console intended to ease all your bugtracking, testing and page architecture tasks. Its siblings, RedSand and SimpleClasses form a sound, dynamic, object oriented JavaScript/DHTML fram
consensio	A full featured modular PHP intranet system, mainly geared towards stores or sales-oriented organizations. The basic modules are : quotations, PO authorization, IT asset management, patch management, webmail, helpdesk and a very flexible download section
consensus	Adaptation Engine which interprets the project&#039;s Renderer-Independent Markup Language (RIML) and transforms it to target markup for mobile devices at runtime. &lt;p&gt;Includes sample applications written in RIML
conserv	Java Content Management System
conservator	It is a tool to create OpenDocument-like  files that contains different representations of the same data and is intended for long term storage(e.g. patent documents).
consgen	The program consgen takes multiple protein structures in PDB format and aligns them using a modified Procrustes method that aims to maximize residue similarity. The principal result is a consensus structure showing residue conservation.
consmgr	A program suite designed to allow logged connections to serial and network ports.  A daemon maintains the connection, and client program(s) will allow you to connect and interact in real-time with the serial port when needed.
consola	Consola is a Bluetooth Proximity Push application for OS X
console	Console is a Windows console window enhancement. Console features include: multiple tabs, text editor-like text selection, different background types, alpha and color-key transparency, configurable font, different window styles
console-colors	console-colors.de is a page about colorizer tools for console, like ColorGCC, ColorCVS, ColorSVN etc. The page contains documentation for this tools and downloads.
console-gnome	Aims to ensure that the user and configuration data created within the GNOME environment remains accessable from a console/CLI environment, especially the development of apps that permit GNOME configuration/administration from telnet/ssh sessions.
console-rpg	Console RPG is a simple text-based RPG game, focused on being small and compact, yet interesting. You can expect monster spawns, leveling and experience points, equipment, items, and a large playable map in future releases.
console-seti	A very short Python script to monitor SETI@Home statistics and user information.
consolecalc	Calculator for Linux Console
consoledownload	Command line download manager which uses existing unix utilities: Downloads can be added, paused and removed from the command line; and you can create custom download schedules by combining this program with the crontab file.
consolefx	ConsoleFx provides a .NET/Mono framework for easily developing command-line interface (CLI) applications. It automates most of the work involved in creating a CLI application, like argument processing, error handling and validations.
consolemon	Console Monitor is a software that displays info about the system (CPU usage, load, users, disks, network, ...) on a console. It helps system administrators to get every info they need on the system at once.
consoleos	The goal of this project is to provide a user friendly, easy install OS based on the Linux Kernel, optimized for games and consoles. The User interface will be simple and it will use a custom graphics engine.
consoleproject	Open Source Console with 100% compatibility with the PC world.
consolequiz	A console Q&amp;A quizz in python The purpose of this project is to help memorizing some new knowledges The project contains a library of quizzes
consoletelnet	Console telnet is a full screen (console) telnet client for MS Win32 environments.  It supports ANSI (color) and VT100/102 (scores 91 on vttest).  It has mouse, clipboard, and scrollback support, and can run full-screen or in a window.
conspicio	A java based mindmapping application featuring a number of novel features such as a 3-d exploration mode, revision mode and a versatile plugin system. Designed to make the digitisation of mindmaps and the free flow of ideas much more fluid and easy.
constantads	[To be deleted]
constrain	Klaro ConStrain is a Java API based on the relational model for accessing a RDBMS using JDBC. Klaro ConStrain maps tables, columns, rows etc. to Java classes to execute operations like select, count, insert, update and delete. Based on Java 5.
constrainer	Constrainer is a Constraint Satisfaction Environment written in Java.
constraints	YACS (Yet Another Constraint Solver) is a Java library and an object-oriented framework for constraint solvers. It supports propagating and solving of constraint satisfaction problems with finite and infinite domains (discrete values and real intervals).
construct-x	Program that helps user to find the best software from many download sites. Search uses freeform, publisher, filename, program name to search, also with combined search options.
constructapp	Construct is a multi-platform development tool for general purpose multimedia and applications. It includes necessary capabilities for non-programmers to develop and program full scale multimedia applications.
construction	Construction: The Game is based on a popular Tribes 2(R) mod called \\&#039;Construction Mod\\&#039;. In this game, you construct your own buildings with various pieces, Beam, Walkway, Wall, Etc. It is using the Torque Game Engine.
constructmanage	this project is ARCHITECTURE &amp; CONSTRUCTION Oriented. it is a Project Manager, as well as a personal manager. It is to allow interraction between Staff and their tasks, and Let Managers see the progress of the projects in General. The language is MSV
constructo	Constructo is a web applications&#039; framework modelled after the dataflow programming paradigm. Its goal is to allow developers and users to create web applications through the input-to-output patching of primitive and custom PHP-coded modules.
consuite	A set of GPL console based games and applications rolled into a single program. It is intended to add some low overhead functionality and to help new developers develop their programming skills.
consultant	The Consultant is a web based consulting automation package.  There will be modules for customer, project, employee, timesheet, expenses, sales, etc.  The idea behind The Consultant is to give a consultant an easy access method for managing thier company
consultcomm	Consultant Communicator (ConsultComm) is a small, lightweight, platform-independent program written in Java that allows anyone managing multiple projects, clients or tasks to effectively keep track of exactly how long they&#039;ve spent on each project.
consultor	Consultor is a web-based tool that was developed to aid\ncompanies in the impact evaluation of new Information and\nCommunication Technologies (ICT) acquisitions.
consuma	ConsUMA realizes a &#039;Constraint-Based Unsupervised Morphological Analysis&#039; of natural language. It is designed for (relatively) easy extension and integration into larger Natural Language Processing-, Information Retrieval- or similar applicatio
cont-rep-frwk	The full name of this project is Content Repository Framework. The idea is to provide a framework to store content in different persistence layers. Also a number of additional services are provided, like Properties, Locking, Search, Transformation, ...
cont2wiki	cont2wiki is a loosely coupled light-weight framework supporting object-oriented software development It supports integration of legacy tools for content-centric applications by using standardized interface technology like XSD and XMI.
contabilivre	Free application for brazilian (and maybe others) accountants written in Java.
contact	Contact Management web application - centralised LDAP Address book with PHP frontend for editing.  Supports address lookup with most major email clients and SyncML support is planned for mobile phone synchronisation.
contact-manager	The Contact Manager is a unique product for the Amiga. It&#039;s best described as a diary / address book which allows you to store all your contacts&#039; user information, favourite web &amp; ftp sites and IRC server/channels.
contactbook	This is a simple but intuitive contact management program designed for the gnome desktop (for those of us that don&#039;t want to use evolution).
contactdb	contactDB is an OpenSource-Solution for managing people-contacts after school. You can sending newsletter, submit news and show/edit your details. All without admin-panel.
contactform-gen	It will automatically generate the html form and the PHP code needed to have a fully functional contact form with all the most commonly used fields without ever having to type or edit a single line of code.
contactimporter	ContactImporter is a Java ME application written for the LG cu500 phone.  It is able to import contacts from a gmail contact export into the phone&#039;s address book.
contactmanage	Contact Management is a way to keep track of your contacts from a single location. It is small, simple, and can be run from removeable media with no need for installation.
contactmanager	Contacts manager for small business.
contactrcp	Contact Management Eclipse RCP Application.
contacts	A simple, easy to use tool for administrating contacts&#039; information with support for a system tray icon and birthdays notifications using libnotify.
contacts2vcards	Contacts2Vcards is a Visual Basic module for Outlook 2000/2002 that allows a user to send contacts from Outlook to a Vcard-enabled cell phone, such as the Nokia 8260 or 8265, via email.
contactwrangler	ContactWrangler takes your email contacts from Address Book, computes the last time you had contact, and then reminds you who you need to get in touch with and when. Never forget a birthday again!
containing	3D simulation of Containing at a shipyard.
contaldap	ContaLDAP is an LDAP contact manager, built using PHP.
contarte	ContARTE is a social bookmarking multiuser engine, is used to build social bookmarkings sites, like www.contarte.info. You can download here: http://www.contarte.info/zip/loturak_1.2.zip Enjoit!
contatoxq	O contatoXQ ? um m?dulo de contato com Login de usu?rio, Administra??o completa e v?rios templates .Possui formul?rio de envio in?dito com opcional para cria??o de conta pelo Usu?rio que a partir do seu painel consulta, ger?ncia e realiza novos envios.
contaweb	ContaWeb es un sistema basado en PageTag local, se instala en el propio servidor y usa un pequeño elemento, que se inserta en las páginas a ser monitorizadas, y nos proporciona información General de visitas e información por Países y continentes.
contaxplore	ContaXPlore is a useful portable platform for exploring improvements in programming language design by allowing one to experiment with concrete syntax.  It is implemented with the Mozilla Framework.
contelligent	Contelligent is a J2EE content management system that is targeted at developers and integrators. It provides an advanced package mechanism for development and deployment of Contelligent projects and extensions.
contenidocms	Contenido is a content management system (CMS). It features advanced user management, in-site editing, a WYSIWYG editor, and more.
content-x	This software is designed to extract formatted content from HTML pages. Many webmasters have pages that need updating of repetitive code, but don\\&#039;t want to manually change each page. Thus, a content extractor such as this is born. Outputs in XML.
content2book	Generate Books,Articles etc. from all sorts of content.
contentblox	Contentblox is a simple, yet effective CMS. It is very easy to use and configure. A good solution for small sites with static structure that would like to have some more dynamic content. (PHP, mySQL or flat files)
contentiv	An open source simplistic content management system which features accounting &amp; job scheduling abilities, templates, and the interface is fully customizable. Pronounced - contentiv or content eye v
contentm	Open Content M is a framework of Content Management and portal components written in Progress 4GL. It runs on all platforms and databases supported by Progress Webspeed or compatible application server.
contentment	Contentment is a content management system utilizing HTML::Mason. It&#039;s a simple and flexible content manager that utilizes both the file system and a database. This SourceForge site is no longer in use. See http://contentment.org/ for the latest upd
contentmentcms	A 100% pure java content management system. JSP front-end, JavaBean middleware and a mySQL or SQLServer backend.
contentnow	contentNow :: a small content management system based on php and mysql. using smarty template engine, adodb database framework, java scriptaculous utilities, java TinyMCE and other
contentone	openSite is the premier open source website management software for making and operating powerful PHP/MySQL based websites. We have just released v0.2 and invite you to check out what our project has to offer your website.
contentor	Easy-to-learn Content Management System ideal for non-profits. Web-based editing, auto menu, event calendar and forms processor included. Uses HTML template with a few added PHP tags. Supports embedded HTML and a simple BBCode-like markup language.
contentum	Easy platform for portals. Support GUI and Web interfaces.
contentwidgets	ContentWidget library is a growing collection of Java Server Page custom tags which facilitate the display of dynamic pieces of content gathered from online sources (such as weather forecasts, or sports scores) in web pages.
contenty	Contenty is a minimal CMS. It\\&#039;s based on nodes, which are splitted into forks. Short forks may be collected in to attributes. The mainfork is the page that gets displayed and the other forks could be attachmentd like images or textparts for
contest-log	Contest-Log will be used to log and evaluate radio communications during an amateur radio UKW contest.
contestj	100% Java framework for easier unit testing of java source code. Allows isolation of classes using built-in mock generation framework, provides aop aspects and coordination functionality for completely test-driven isolation.
contestmanager	Hamradio Online Contest Managment System
contesttools	Program complex for online programming contests for Linux &amp; Windows including fully automated solution testing system
conteudophp	Conteudo PHP is a content management system based on PHP and MySQL. Only for portuguese language
contex	ConteX is an expiremental programming language created by Rex Ford. Commonly referred to as &#039;CX&#039;, ConteX has the main goal of making reflections as natural as possible, while having a very consistant syntax.
context-hau	CHAU (ConTEXT Highlighters Automatic Updater) is a tool to update highlighters files of ConTEXT text editor.
context-tree	A ContextTree is a way of dynamically forming relationships between information: the same information can be viewed in different ways, depending on what you want from it.
contextfilter	The aim of context filter is to provide a strong mechanism for checking network flow on the fly in complement of Packet Filter or IP Filter on a FreeBSD operating system.
contextlauncher	[NOTE]Requires .NET FRAMEWORK 2.0 NOW Context Launcher is a small application written in C#. It is a simple program launcher that allows you to categorize shortcuts to any number of applications and launch them from a special context menu that is brought
contextmenu	This is a shell context menu helper which will help programmers to write shell context menus easily.
contextsonifier	ContextSonifier is about creating an awareness. The ambience created might ease the user&#039;s experience by sonification of for example system processes, just like e.g. a car engine&#039;s sound does, and stimulate awareness.
contexttoolkit	The Context Toolkit (CTK) is a toolkit for building distributed, context-aware applications. While the toolkit itself is implemented in Java, network communications are platform-independent and interface clients exist for Flash and .NET.
contfrac	An Ocaml module providing exact arithmetic on real numbers by internally representing them as (eventually infinite) continued fractions.
contig-alloc	A Contiguous Memory Allocator Kernel Module for Linux that can be used for Large Contiguous Memory Allocations exceeding 128k. Uses a custom vmalloc to avoid using the normal vmalloc address space that might be used by others.
contiki	Contiki is an open source, highly portable, networked, multi-tasking operating system for memory-constrained systems.
contineo	Web based document management system with user and group management, versioning, email client, a powerful search engine, and a web service interface. Documents can either be structured in a folder hierarchy or by keywords.
continuoustrade	Technical analysis software for the stock market, connects with Interactive Brokers TWS(tm), and operates interactively in real time with the stock market. Is based on previous &quot;Merchant of Venice&quot;, changing and adding a lot.
continuum	The Watershed Continuum project is a container, a conduit, a template, a catalyst, and scaffolding for important information and learning resources in natural and social sciences. A CONTAINER for information, easy to add to, and structured to enable and 
continuumlt	This is a map editor for the game Subspace/Continuum
contour	Contour is a next generation distributed fisheries management system. With collection installations on fishing and research vessels, it facilitates the collection and correlation of vast amounts of data related to marine ecologies.
contra-paganos	bot and ide for wikipedia edit check (like vandal fighter and wiki bot)
contrack	Contrack is a web-enabled order-centric management software that supports the planning and management of the order&#039;s complete life-cycle. It supports order entry, contacts management, production planning and tracking as well as financial monitoring.
contract4j	Contract4J is a build and runtime tool that supports &quot;Design by Contract&quot; for Java 5. The tests are defined using annotations. At runtime, AspectJ aspects evaluate the test expressions and handle failures. Note: there are recent changes to the 
contractgen	Source code for a forth program under DOS to generate an estimate for an electrical contractor. It could be adapted for other types of contractors.
contractit	ContractIT - tool to support DbC for Java developers.
contractj	ContractJ offers Design by Contract for eclipse plug-ins. Contracts are expressed as Java 5 annotations, implemented as Java handlers and applied using AspectJ. ContractJ is extensible which means that you can provide your own annotations and handlers.
contractml	This project consolidates 8 years of research on abstract specification of business contracts, mainly in the financial instruments area. The syntax of ContractML is defined in XML-Schema and MOF/UML, using EMF to implement/generate the API and GUI.
contractor	This website is made for contractors and sub-contractors agencie. Originally it was made for the agency which collect requests from the deaf people and forward it to one of it&#039;s contractors. Software can be modified to fit a company of any other pro
contractsystem	Contractor System is a project management written in Java and based on XML.
contrast	compare files token by token
contributary	Java software that allows context-sensitive selection and replaying of MP3 streams, and a web site to manage it.
contrl-it	Contrl-IT is software for managing your computers remotely. It has many features including screen control similar to VNC, file transfer, command line access and ability to talk to the person on the remote computer.
control-it	This is a automated control simulator. It takes components like a low-sel or a pid, wire them up and run a simulation.
control-plane	Control Plane is a benchmark for telecom application environments. It&#039;s implementation uses two major software packages: OpenSER and SIPp to compare performance of distinct systems.
controlanalysis	project analyses the control system &amp; provide an interface to plot bode plot &amp; nyquest plot which are the main thing in control system analysis
controlcc	A backup/transfer files program to move and process files between computers in a production (industrial) process. The processing of file begins when it are created or copied to directory and they can be redirected to other machine to be used.
controlcenter	YCC Control Center is written in QT/C++. It supports many language.
controlcom	ControlCom is an handy and easy little program who makes your day a little easier. The program searches folders of choice for the filetypes of choice so that you can execute them faster. Type filename and hit Return/Enter, and the program execute the fil
controlfreak	ControlFreak is a scriptable toolbar application. You write scripts (describing toolbar layout and function)and ControlFreak creates them.
controlfreakrat	One of the first major Remote Administration Tools (RATs) written in Java. Control Freak allows for the complete remote administration of a remote computer, from one or multiple local clients. It&#039;s purpose is to provide a simple-to-use and portable 
controlfreaks	Open source project for design and development of architecture and components for equipment control in the professional television industry field.
controlfw4php	The purpose of the Control Framework for PHP (CFP) is to design and implement a completely OO based approach to HTML form generation, form state management and form handling in PHP. CFP supports reusable form components.
controlit	ControlIt is a client/server environment for developing serverside applications as easy as possible. ControlIt provides its modules database connectionpools, an archive system interface, automatic distribution of classes and ressources and many more.
controlj	Control-J  Open Source Job Scheduler
controlk	This is a very simple plugin for JEdit. It add the Eclipse control-K feature, that is: find the next occurence of the selected text.
controller	CONTROLLER is a surveillance system - it&#039;s meant to acquire, analyse and record images from surveillance cameras, providing tools for increasing security in buildings, offices, industrial installations and houses. It&#039;s being developed in python
controlmaster	ControlMaster is a collection of light-weight controls library and toolkit written in c#.  The goal is to provide a set of cookie-cutter web UI controls for any ECMA based .NET framework, features include AJAX style UI, plugins, and many many more.
controlmfd	Orbiter Control MFD. a Orbiter MFD that help to control the ship during landing or docking phases. see Orbiter site for details about this fabulous simulator.
controlpanel	Ein Kunden- und Bestellmen? f?r Reseller bei domainfactory ( ISP ), zum managen von Webhosting Kunden. Erstellen von Domain Accounts und Einrichtung der Features, automatische Rechnungsstellung mit dem integrierten Rechnungssystem. Zur Zeit nur Sinnvoll
controlpcusers	To monitor the use of computer labs.
controlpersonal	CONTROL DE PERSONAL. It is desired individually to know the projection that has had the personnel, speaking; looking for to obtain a base to stimulate the personal growth, and therefore of the company.
controlremote	This project&#039;s goal is to replace and extend Excel spreadsheets used in creating remote control upgrades for UEI remotes with a Java equivelent.  More information on the UEI remote upgrade interface can be found at http://www.hifi-remote.com/jp1
controlstate	controlState is a Real-Estate management system. It is intended to be used by real-estate agents to manage and display properties they currently represent. The control panel gives the user maximum power with little knowledge required.
controltech	A full internet cafe timing/managment system written in mostly PHP
controltier	ControlTier aims to be a complete, enterprise-ready system for automating the build and deployment of multi-tier and distributed application services. For more information, documentation, and mailing lists visit: http://open.controltier.com
controltool	If you need controlling your machines or tools in your factory. For example if you need to know who have some machine you can to know via some reports where is. Too you can know the status&#039;s machine (in or out). Tthis system requieres PHP-MYSQL-APAC
contx	CONTX is a easy to use LAMP or WAMP based CMS. Using MSIE it allows editing of text and integration of images directly on the webpage. It was completly developed by adVIS GmbH (Dresden). There exists a german projekt hompage already - http://www.contx.in
conv	Baykit Conv is the library which gives a map between IANA encoding  and Java encoding. We can supplement JavaVM&#039;s encoding mapping with Baykit Conv.
conv-xls	CONVXLS project will be a cross-platform C/C++ library for parsing and writing excel files. MS Windows, Linux, and MAC OS will be the first target operating systems.
convaudiotag	This script converts the encoding of id3 and/or vorbis tags in mp3, ogg, and flac files from one to another.
convave	A tool for converting soundfiles to another format; every input- and output-codec will be allowed.
conveaim	A Project to import Convea Open Source from ASP into PHP.
convelo	Convelo is an enterprise open source Product Lifecyce Management (PLM) solution, providing the essentials for managing product design and development.  It is built on the latest technologies - Spring, Hibernate, AJAX - and a highly extensible meta model.
convener	Convener is a simple web-tool (PHP/MySQL) for scheduling meetings or asking for an opinion. Instead of sending emails to every participant and reading through answers you can create a meeting or a poll with Convener and automate the process.
conveni	PocketPOS is a point of sale terminal that is made to fit on a PDA web browser.
convenience	Small and lightweight platform-independent c++ libraries and classes to perform common tasks (plugin system, memory manager, ...)
convergegame	This project is an as-yet unnamed hot-seat turn-based strategy game with elements of tribal conflict.
convergence	This project is an effort by web developers to educate other web developers in how to secure their web applications against any known web application exploits and vulnerabilities through documentation and usable example code.
converginteract	This Project aims to bring together the best open source communication projects like Asterisk/OpenPBX, Freepbx, Openfire, Hylafax and others. We will provide the glue to make them work together easily and seemlessly. This is a fork of the trixbox 1.2.3.
converp	Converp will be used to convert any files.  Be dynamic, and meet user needs.  Will be fully integrated with any application with great ease.  Please contribute file codecs!
conversa	Graphical design tool for VoiceXML develpment. Conversa provides an IDE for VoiceXML specification and a complete set of related languages, such as HTML, XML, Java or JavaScript.
conversation	Conversation IRC Client
converspace	Converspace is a collaboration platform written in PHP.
convert-quality	This script lessen the cuality of photos to do size lesser. Script can put file of photo to directory whose name is file&#039;s date. This script is very useful for people who have huge collection of photos.
convert2djvu	There is a great DjVu document converter online called Any2DjVu Server. However this is old and may not be around forever. With the advances in the DjVuLibre project as well as the new Google Tesseract OCR, this program will convert documents as a whole.
convert2pcx	A Java application written to convert CSV track point files generated by USAPhotoMaps (www.jdmcox.com) to PCX files that can be read by Mapsource (www.garmin.com). Written primarily to facilitate viewing Garmin Forerunner 201 tracks in Mapsource.
convert2pdf	GUI for converting images to PDF.
convert3d	convert3D is a tool to convert 3D files between different formats with some filters functions. The tool only convert the mesh of objects. At this moment it does not import light, textures, animations, etc..
convert3gp	3gp converter is a GUI(kommander script) that uses ffmpeg as a backend and allows you convert the video files in 3gp format,which used at mobile phones.
convertandpaste	Convert and Paste is a Firefox add-on to allow modification of clipboard data before it is pasted into the browser.
convertdatetime	Python library for automatic convert date and time from various (primary mx.DateTime) format to user predefined format.
convertem	Convert Em! is a simple to use program aimed at the general public. Its purpose is to provide English to Metric conversions, and vise versa.
converter	Converter, convert everyday use things like inch-cm, currency and much more
convertfromssi	A perl script to convert .shtml files with SSI (Server-Side Includes) #include commands in them to regular HTML files. Useful for hosting SSI files on a webserver that does not support SSI.
convertimg	ConvertIMG 2.0 is a freeware utility to convert between JPG,GIF,BMP and PNG images.The best thing about this is it supports batch (multiple files in the same directory/folder) conversion at lightning fast speeds.Created by Vivek Narayanan
convertit	ConvertIT converts WMP playlists to Winamp playlist for DJ&#039;s or home users.
convertx	convertX is to exchange data between different formats - e.g. XML to XML, Database to XML, XML to Database, Database to Database etc. Most of the conversions are automatic, only you have to provide source and destination, their types and scope.
convey	Convey is a real-time, online, multi-user collaboration tool which augments text, graphics, and symbols. Examples of graphics include shapes, mathematical expressions, diagrams, flow charts, and pictures.
conveyor	Continuous Integration Engine which allows concurrent building of dependent projects via ant scripts.
convinceme	Convince Me is a Java application for generating and analyzing arguments. Convince Me uses a connectionist model, called ECHO, to provide feedback on the coherence of the arguments entered into the application.
convo	The Conductible Virtual Orchestra brings the power of a symphony orchestra to your desktop and puts you in the position of the conductor. Simply connect a webcam to your PC and live the dream of conducting some of your favourite melodies!
convolutionhash	Convolutional Hashing Algorithm.  Provably secure hashing algorithm based on worst case assumptions on cyclic-lattices.
convolver	A convolution plug-in for Windows Media Player, DirectShow/DX (for use with ZoomPlayer Pro, Media Player Classic, etc) and VST. Allows cross-feeding of channels. For room correction, bass management, cross-overs, equalization, etc.
convtuxcmd	Generates a file filetypes for the file manager tuxcmd (Tux Commander) http: // sourceforge.net/projects/tuxcmd/.
conx	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
conzilla	Conzilla is an experimental conceptual browser. It browses and edits &#039;concept-maps&#039;, a construct similar to UML diagrams or mind-maps, that are described and distrubuted using XML.
coocle	coocle is a command line utility for searching &#039;google&#039;. It has features of searching a keyword, comparing number of results for two sets of keyword and getting spelling corrections from google.
cook-book	Cook Book is an opensource recipe application for Mac OS X, the goal is to make an free to use recipe application that has the feel of Appl*\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;s *Book applications (Address Book, Font Book).
cooka	Cooka is a very simple image viewer written in C# (less than 900 lines of code, comments included) and compiled with Mono framework. Cooka provides a simple toolbar that allows users perform some basic operation such as rotate, zoom, set as background.
cookarray	This Script helps you to save array to cookies and get the same, the array items get joined by defined character in parameter and set to cookie, and you can define this character to join items. Also helps to set and get cookies.
cookbook	Cookbook is a recipe manager. It uses an embedded mySQL database for organizing and storing recipes. It features inserting, editing, searching and browsing recipes. It tries to supply an easy and quick to use interface.
cooker	Cooker is a  an easy to use build system similar in function to `Make`, using XML for project descriptions.
cookerp2p	A peer-to-peer distribution system for the Linux Mandrake Cooker tree. Currently in planning.
cookie-revolver	The Cookie-revolver framework provides J2EE web-applications with two-factor authentication security, something I know (userid/password) and something I have (encrypted one-time cookie).
cookieauth	CookieAuth is a simple PHP class, compatible with both PHP3 and PHP4, that permits to add &quot;User-ID and Password&quot; authentication in other projects, using cookies and additional table-field. This class is suitable for any existing MySQL data base
cookiejar	A Javascript class for easy access to browser cookies.  Transparently creates a &quot;vitual cookie jar&quot; for storing many &quot;virtual cookies&quot;  (key-value pairs) in one actual cookie to avoid the browser&#039;s limit on cookies.
cookiemonster	CookieMonster is a cookie server that gathers sessions in memory and a CGI API that uses a TCP socket to retrieve session state.Once client&#039;s  cookies are treated (updated, etc) and page is served to the client, CookieMonster replicates data in data
cookienotepad	A multi-platform windows notepad clone that?s GUI is a simple html file with embedded JavaScript.  Uses browser cookies to send data back and forth to a local python script.  The python script does the file access.  Runs anywhere browsers and python run.
cookinghelper	This software help good cooking.Cooking helper have 3 timers and messages. These help your good cooking and Cooking helper remain log message. This is small size. http://changeinfomation.blogspot.com/&lt;-My blog
cookmail	CookMail is a powerful HTML email form CGI handler. It provides custom HTML output and email messages without the hassle of programming.
cookr	Cookr is a recipe-sharing web application. Users rate, review, add, and post recipes. Data mining is used to provide recipe suggestions.
cooksdream	Web-based dream for cooks.  Recipes, meal plans, grocery lists, etc.  Everything that every other app tried to be, but failed.  JSP/MySQL
cooksharp	CookSharp is a simple to use recipe database written in C# for WindowsXP.  See the home page (link above) for information on currently supported features.
cooksmart	Cooksmart is a diet tracker tool designed for those who don&#039;t have time for diet tracking tools.  Effort has gone into ensuring it is as efficient as possible.  It includes graphs and will soon include exercise and other health tracking tools.
cooktimer	CookTimer alerts you when your food is done cooking!
cookxml	CookXml is a powerful dynamic XML data binding tool (unmarshalling only) for Java. It is easily extensible yet simple to use, with advanced exception handling. CookSwing and CookSwt are tag libraries for CookXml to do XML-&gt;GUI (XUL) for Swing and SWT.
cool	The COOl project will be redesigned during 2007.
cool3s	Cool3s - Smart Snippet System - a bash script for shell based snippet proccesing.
coolagent	Agent Development framework extension of the JADE framework, a FIPA compliant Agent platform.
coolburner	CoolBurner is a tiny RSS Reader for Windows written in Visual C#.NET. It is designed to use very little memory.
coolcc	A programming language designed to be used simultaneously by multiple programmers, users or agents.  Project has been renamed to Mica and is now hosted at http://darksleep.com/mica.
coolcmsphp	A Content Management System (CMS) made in PHP and INI Files.
coolcollab	CoolCollab is live interactive Whiteboard. Users can chat, draw, paste images/screen shots on the whiteboard.
coolcollaboratr	100% Java real-time collaboration client-server system. Features presence/buddy list, coolmail, instant-messaging (1:1 and group chat), persistent session-based file/web browser/image/chat/whiteboard sharing, and VoIP audio conferencing via coolphone
cooldev	An integrated development environment simular to MS Visual C++.
coolengine	New Template System in php, This system is develop to reduce the Work load of the Programme. The template build in PHP is similar to smarty but carry lots of adavance feature that increase the work effenciy by more then 50%.
coolis	Coolis is a point of sale system that allows for the management of Products for hire, the Customers and printing of Invoices. Daily activities can be exported to files and used to update an accounting package.
coolit	Coolit - C++ Object-oriented language interpreter toolkit.  Written in C++, Coolit provides a tookit for writing an interpreter.  Coolit is the first phase of Coeval - Compiled or evaluated language.
cooljchat	An open source chat server/client written purely in Java
coolmp3	The purpose of this project is to build a searchable database out of a directorystructure of ini files (for album info), id3v1 and v2 tags from MP3s using PHP, MySQL and Apache.
coolos	Quake II-based 3D shell, currently aimed for Windows (Linux in consideration). The project hopes to create a much more logical user experience for performing common tasks inside a computer, while establishing a three-dimensional online world.
coolpicker	Coolpicker is a colorpicker plugin for 3dsmax with an advanced UI for color mixing.
coolray	CoolRay is a system for generating photorealistic images out of a mathematical description of a scene. CoolRay uses oriented techniques together with a powerful scene description language.
coolreciver	MediaPortal plugin for CoolCommand remote control.
coolrun	coolrun is a shell script that enables/disables the power saving features of the AMD Duron/Athlon/Athlon XP/Sempron processors using direct hardware access through the setpci utility. A lot of chipsets are supported, but not all &#039;cause of missing in
coolscan2	Enhanced SANE backend (driver) for Coolscan scanners (SANE = Scanner Access Now Easy).
coolsmile	Java Applet/Application IRC client. This is a fork of Eteria IRC client, and add some nice stuffs : lot of GUI enhancement, sounds events, chans modes, cut-paste, animated images.
coolsudoku	This is a very cool and popular game named Sudoku, i made it with vb6 sp2 and it&#039;s very cool and enjoy
cooltools	A collection of tools to improve your windows experience
coopaccounting	A JSP based accounting system for babysitting coops etc. that deal on a point-based system. It uses the OzoneDB OO-database for persistence.
coopagui	an gui,for game,for application.
cooperate	Cooperate is a project management web-base tool to help IT delivery and project management.
cooperator	Cooperator is on the one hand, a base class library for Object Relational Mapping, ORM, and by another one, a tool of code generation for for the MS.Net 2.0/3.0, using Business Objects and Stored Procedures. DAL, ORM, UOW, FACADE, MAPPER, MODELING ...
cooperweb	Cooper Web is a software project developed as part of open source university classes. This project needs to create a Web 2.0 website to assist a cooperative of developers in their day-to-day activities.
coopn	The Concurrent Object-Oriented Petri Nets (CO-OPN) formalism is devised to support the specification of distributed systems in a modular way. Tools such as editors, syntax checker, test generator and prototype generator are proposed in this project.
coopx	The goal of CoopX is to define a standard format based on XML to exchange information on projects hosted by facilities such as SourceForge, Serveur Libre, tuxfamily or Savannah. With this format a project maintainer could migrate his project from one hos
coopy	Tools to facilitate discovery and collaboration among cooperatives.
coordidate	CoordiDate will provide advanced calendar function to programmers in multiple languages and provide resources to host their calendar stores remotely, and provide templates for building their own local stores.
coordimate	A tool for downloading, viewing and editing Waypoints, Routes and Tracks from GPS receivers (or GPX files).
cootovi	Cootovi file manager\n        FTP client/server
cop	Yet Another rouguelike game. Written in C with full support from ncurses library. Placed in dark fantasy realm with social aproach to player character. Big, very complicated world, many quests, not too much deep 10+ level dungeons.
copains	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
copaint	CoPaint allows graphical whiteboard teleconferences over IRC
copcomp	We wish to develop a distribuated computing environment similar to seti@home. The project also aims at which various algorithms for various scientific computing projects and accordingly manipulates/alters the server /client side of the program.
cope	COPE is a persistence framework for Java. It makes your code fully independent of the database and protects it against SQL injection. The persistent schema is specified within Java source code, no external files are needed.
copenhagen	A content management system designed to help academic institutions manage external relations--including media relations, alumni relations, and institutional advancement--over the Web and in print. It uses PHP, MySQL, Apache and an XSL engine.
copes	CoPE allows user groups to post, edit, and manage content and to organize and make group decisions based on the content of documents.  It facilitates collaboration without the need to adapt to rigid system requirements.
copfilter	Copfilter is a easy to install addon for the opensource firewall IPCop. It filters POP3, SMTP, HTTP, and FTP traffic for viruses and spam using various open source programs.
copiett	Copiett is a little application which can copy cd and dvd(data) easily and rapidly. When a copy is finished, it ejects the cdrom , you have to enter an other and the copy continue quickly !
copix-spreader	Copix Spreader is initialy made for the Copix Framework (http://copix.aston.fr). This application is made to install or update applications, websites, db, and other project from server side to client.
copl	COPL (Conventional Plaintext Language) is a simple descriptive markup language. COPL converts plaintext to HTML.
coplan	Show Diffrent Bitmap Maps on an Webpage an give Users the option to Insert Points on the Maps
copo	Copo attempts to become the Community portal, providing small groups with everything they need to stay in touch, collaborate and make their projects a success
copp	CoPP is an object-oriented framework for developing algorithms for robot path planning. One of of the design goals is to make it easy to make comparisons between various path planning algorithms.
coppa	Coppa Blocka is a phpbb addon. It will block users clicking under 13 from going back and installing under \\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;Over 13s\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;. This is great a great add on to reduce the amount of kids signing up.
coppeer	This is an Open Source Project for academic purposes. Coppeer is a P2P framework for developing agent based emergent-behavior application. Over Coppeer we implemented multiple CSCW applications, such as COE and KCE, and Knowledge Management application (
copper	Copper is a GUI tool to aid developpers using Oracle or MySQL. It presents sql query results in a table. You can select/update/insert etc. Copper supports single click updates, syntax highlighting and lets you browse your tables and columns.
copperauthor	CopperAuthor is a both a core for and implementation of an IMS-LD Editor/Designer.
coppercore	CopperCore, a J2EE runtime engine for IMS Learning Design which can be used to incorporate IMS Learning Design in your own application(s).
copperexport	CopperExport is an iPhoto export plugin that allows publishing pictures to online galleries powered by Coppermine (http://coppermine.sf.net/). For current releases, please see the home page or the new project page at http://developer.berlios.de/projects
copperfield	Java-based Calendar server and client libarary for maintaining calendars according the iCalendar protocol.
coppermaker	Coppermaker is a IMS-Learning Design editing core and graphical editor/designer.
coppermine	Coppermine is an easily set-up, fast, feature-rich photo gallery script with mySQL database, user management, private galleries, automatic thumbnail creation, ecard feature and a template system for easy customization to match the rest of a site. It is P
copsandrobbers	Cops and Robbers is a multiplayer platformer game where a cop must catch a robber before the robber collects all the loot in a level.
copsy	COPSY is a new operating system building upon the futures given in C++, and a framework of classes for rapid app development.
copt	CoPT, Corpus Processing Tools, is a set of java classes intended to assist field linguists, NLP researchers and developers, students and software developers in all corpus-related processing.
copter	Copter! is a SimCopter clone written in C++. Copter! will feature much more than the original SimCopter, and will be very moddable through it&#039;s modular design. Mods will be released which allow the player to be a policeman, or other characters.
copyblock	moved to https://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/copyblock
copybooktoxml	Cobol copybook conversion to XML. Including support for PIC and other attibutes. Useful for generation of code to access data from copybooks. Please test with your copybooks and provide feedback if anything is missing/needed. Or, better, update the code!
copycda	Wizard-style Track at Once Audio CD Copier for KDE.
copydog	CopyDog is a software to manage various task of copy in Gnome. With this you can pause/restart at any time the copy of one or more files or directories. if the task fails you can restart it from the beginning or just copy the rest of the file.
copyerror	Copies files or directory from a source, ignoring read errors. The bad blocs are replaced by zero blocks. Intended for recovering multimedia streams from old cds.
copyfile	CopyFile is flexible and persistent utility for searching and copying (large) files over Local Area Network (LAN). Supports for MultiThreading /pause/resume/integrity check/subdir recurse/queue(with autosave)/network listing with autosave and lots of oth
copyme	Copyme is a anti-leech php script allowing webmasters to start a online anti-leech system community. Copyme features hide file location, stop leechers, detailled download statistics and link checking. ( in french / en français ) http://www.copyme.org
copyrightleft	Add a copyright bar on or under a picture. Batch mode.
coq4eclipse	Coq4Eclipse is a plugin for the Eclipse Platform that provides an interface to the Coq Proof Assistant. It will support the user with syntax highlighting, search facilities, mathematical symbols, pretty-print, etc.
cor	Cracks of Reality is a high-quality fractal image renderer for Mac OS X. It is written in ObjC/Cocoa with the core engine in C to allow for a portable command-line version. Goals are speed, quality, and the ability to import other programs&#039; descript
cor4	The Cor4 project is a 4 layer application IDE and runtime environment development project.
coral	Coral is a tool and a development platform to create and transform models and modeling languages. It can be used to edit UML models, to develop editors for other modeling languages and to implement MDA and QVT-like model transformations.
coralfsp	Coral FSP is a simple persistence framework for relational database access from java classes.
coralftp	CoralFTP is a GTK2-based FTP client program written in python. It has an easy to understand interface, and it&#039;s useful for those whose local charset is different from server&#039;s.
coranto	The continuing development of the extremely versatile Coranto Content Management Framework originated by Elvii, and developed by the community he founded.  An incredibly powerful, easily modified solution to any web development and management needs.
coranto-os	The continued development of the Coranto publishing system originally developed by Elvii!
coras	Platform for risk analysis of security critical IT systems using UML, based on the CORAS model-based risk assessment methodology. Contains an XML and UML repository, facilitating management and reuse of analysis results.
corba-cost	corba-cost is the CORBA Open Source Testing project, originally hosted at cost.omg.org. It aims to provide an extensive test suite of CORBA functionality, running on multiple ORBs.
corba-mock	CorbaMock is a java mock library designed to make testing of CORBA servers easy. CorbaMock provides (a) the simulation of arbitrary corba servers and (b) the access to arbitrary corba servers via its IDL.
corba-omniorb	CORBA::omniORB is a Perl interface to the omniORB ORB. It was originally based on CORBA::MICO, and shares with it the feature of being completely dynamic, making it unnecessary to pregenerate &quot;stubs&quot; or &quot;skeletons&quot;
corba-ruby	to define CORBA-Ruby mapping and to supply common class library.
corba2dde	Bridge CORBA to DDE
corbachat	The objective of this work is to use key concepts and mechanisms related with the software components approach. Installation, execution and dynamic reconfiguration of a distributed chat application using CORBA are considered.
corbaerp	Open source ERP system base on CORBA technology.
corbalive	CORBAlive is a set of two libraries (client- and server-side) which implement a keep-alive protocol for CORBA servants and client references. Both of the libraries are implemented in C++ and Java.
corbatech	Corba ORB for Microsoft.Net/Mono Platform, allows to communicate with IIOP servers, including Java EJB servers.
corbatester	A command-line based (atleast for now) tool for testing the interfaces provided by CORBA servers. Implemeted in Java using interface repository, DII, DynAny APIs. Very useful tool for CORBA developers and testers.
corbicula	Corbicula anti virus provides a GNOME HIG compliant front end for ClamAV
corbie	Corbie is a full text information retrieval system written in Java and licensed under the LGPL.
corbon	Corbon is a light framework that transforms XML to XHTML pages. It strives to generate standards-compliant XHTML 1.0 code, with a strict separation of content and layout.
cord	A native OS X client for Microsoft Remote Desktop and Terminal Services.
corda	Write and print lyrics with chords of your favourite songs. Support for CHORDPRO format, SNG and XML. Print in TXT, PDF or PostScript. Multiple songs per page, with automatic layout. Windows and Linux ports.
cordel	Cordel is a digital storytelling platform, it allows to create connections among the people, places, and time. It could be used to share your digital life,\nand as a communication tool to share knowledge.
cordial	Cordial is a .NET WebServer framework, which uses HTTP 1.1. The benefit of Cordial will be the possibility to write Servlets in the same way as for the well known Apache Tomcat Webserver. Cordial is also feasible to handle .NET Server Pages (.NET/SP).
core	Core is a general purpose game engine, that runs games written in the Lua scripting language.
core-52n	52North (52n) is a Java based implementation of web services and data encodings provided by the Open Geospatial Con., OGC. It mainly addresses the SDI Management Services, Services for Geosensor and Simulation Networks, and Mobile Geocomputing.
core-draw	A pure third-party-component-free ASP graphics generator. Plan to support BMP, GIF, ... etc..
core-engine	An Isometrical MMORPG engine that uses GLUT/OpenGL technologies for the graphical engine, and OpenAL for sound reality. Designed specifically for developers to make the best games possible.
core-lan-org	Advanced project management for workgroups. It has some very advanced features that allow persons to quickly see what has changed in between vists. It also emails persons and groups. Easy management, easy installation, easy for users.
core-os	Tools for communication design and web application development.
core1	CoRE OS-1 is a FreeBSD based OS designed to provide an easy-to-use GUI system for the end-user and provide advanced features that a modern OS should have.  By using CoRE and 3rd party GUI tools, CoRE will provide an advanced but easy-to-use desktop OS.
coreasm	The CoreASM project focuses on the design of a lean executable ASM (Abstract State Machines) language, in combination with a supporting tool environment for high-level design, experimental validation and formal verification of abstract system models.
coreasset	CoreAsset is a Open Source Enterprise Asset Management solution to mange the infrastructure, resource and library for the effective management, control and protection of assets within an organization, throughout all lifecycle stages.
corebanking	The Project &#039;Core Banking Solution&#039; would deal with almost all the banking operations that are available in a bank at present.Its components are : LINUX OS APACHE 2.0 SERVER PHP5 MYSQL 5
corebyte	corebyte is a library with alot of php classes with which you can add/edit/remove your config files, Smarty templates and more. Using a dynamics we&#039;ll see, how far we can go...
corecms	The Core CMS is a project aimed at providing a core PHP system for building a content management system in PHP.
corecomponents	ebXML Core Compoment XML schema, and related utility software.
coreconfig	CoreConfig is a graphical configuration tool for beginners as well as for advanced users, which makes the everyday life in Linux easier.
corecraft	Corecraft - CMS PHP Engine with Advanced Page generation and HackShield module.
corecrm	free CRM software based on Hibernate,spring,WebWork etc.It also use workflow to control businesstransacion flow.
corector	Romanian spell checker factory/generator (MySpell, Aspell) based on Dexonline - online version of the official Romanian Dictionary.
corediff	Core Directed Diffusion for TinyOS
coredistro	Core is a minimal distribution of the GNU/Linux operating system designed to be the basis for a complete system constructed by the end user.
coredomain	Generic Core Domain implementation based on Sphere Framework
coredump	This projekt will be aimed at building a XML based FAQ engine. It will use Cocoon as the FAQ publishing framwork. XForms for entering FAQs into the system. XML DB in the back-end as a repository for all the FAQs. Jakarta Lucene will be used searching the
corefonts	So far this project consists of a source rpm that can be used to easily create a binary rpm package that, when installed, gives access to Microsoft&#039;s TrueType core fonts for the Web.
corehttp	This is a minimalist HTTP server using the single-process server concurrency model and non-blocking sockets for optimal memory usage and speed. It is not designed to be fleshed out with features; merely able to serve pages quickly and reliably.
corehydra	This is the CoreHydra SWGEmu project - a multi-tier MMORPG gameserver concept with high availability and high scalability.
corek	Project Abandoned
corel2inkscape	Convert CorelDRAW/CorelDRAW-exported files to work 100% in Inkscape.
corelibs	This project attempt to create a full set of library to build-in web portal and dynamic web site without imposing a set of themes like PHPnuke-Like. It will manage template, themes, database, PDF reports, statistics, Graphics, and Security... It is curre
corelinux	CoreLinux++ is an initiative to normalize methods and conventions for OOA/OOD/C++ development for Linux. Standard, guidelines, process, vision, and implementation are materialized in documentation and set of Open Source C++ class libraries.
corelog	A new weblog system that supports many different users on one domain.
corem	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
coremp3	CoreMP3 is a program used for organizing and maintaining your MP3 Music collection. CoreMP3 currently has an MP3 Renamer, and MP3 Organizer and a Tag Editor. This program is written Java so it is available on all operating systems
corendaldiry	Corendal Directory is a web application accessing (in real time) accounts, groups and group memberships stored in Active Directory. It was written in Java 5.0, it uses Tomcat 5.0 and MySQL 5.0. See http://www.corendal.com for more info.
corendaldocs	Corendal DocSide is a web-enabled document management application. It uses Java, MySQL and Tomcat. It uses Active Directory accounts and groups, includes full text indexing, security, subscriptions, statistics. See http://www.corendal.com/ for more info
corendalfm	Corendal Framework is a Java framework for web applications accessing one or several databases to generate dynamic content. It is targeted at intranet applications and used by several open source projects. See http://www.corendal.com for more info
corendalfrms	Corendal Forms is a web based application automating the tracking and processing of free-format electronic forms. It is based upon Corendal Framework, Java, Tomcat and MySQL. See demo at http://www.corendal.com/java-corendal/forms/home/
corendalvvis	Corendal Virtual Visit is a web application proposing multilingual visits of a town, including history, monuments, characters and a gallery. It uses Java, Tomcat, Corendal Framework and MySQL. See demo at http://www.corendal.com/arttoulouse/home/
corendalwiki	Corendal Wiki is a wiki intranet application written in Java. It uses MySQL or Oracle and Tomcat. It integrates with Active Directory accounts and groups, features full text indexing, a Rich Text Editor and subscriptions. Demo at http://www.corendal.com/
corephp	CORE PHP SCRIPTS curent is working on various differant Mambo components and modules. MamboZine is an up and coming project. Stay tuned.
corephpalbum	corePHPAlbum is an easy-to-use web-based image/video gallery written in PHP. Just organize the image/video files into folders... and it&#039;ll do the rest. No database, no compilation, modular themeset, multi-languages support, thumbnails creation...
corertg	RTG - Router Traffic Grapher
coresar	CoreSar ist ein komplett modulares Web-Content-Management-System.\nMan installiert sich vorerst nur einen Core, der keine weiteren Funktionen besitzt, außer die der Modul-Verwaltung.\nEs können dann die Module installiert werden, die man auch braucht.
coresetpack	Software package for computing coresets that can be used for computationally effective approximation of solutions for k-mean, k-median and numerous other problems in computational geometry.
coresms	Send SMS text messages to cellular phones. Does not require an sms gateway. Includes cell company lookup based on local exchange.
coreteks	Coreteks is a technology dedicated to the information management through organization. Goal is the creation of an able program to take into account flows of information through an organization.
coretemplate	A Content Management System made to separate completely the datas and its presentation. All the HTML/XHTML/CSS code can be modified easily, since it is stored in templates files which are read and mixed with the collected datas by the php script.
coretools	Project provides some tools for the CoreMedia CMS. For now only a Lucene based search engine for CAP 5.0.
corewar	Corewar is a game played vicariously through the action of assembly language programs written in a language called Redcode. Corewar is discussed in the Usenet group REC.GAMES.COREWAR; the reference implementation of this game, pMARS, is maintained here.
corewars	Corewars is a simulation game where a number of programs try to crash each other. Corewars comes with a graphical user interface (GTK+) to display the running programs and statistics. Redcode is supported as well.
corewars8086	CoreWars 8086 is a simulation game inspired by A. K. Dewdney&#039;s Scientific American article from 1984. Unlike the original game, the &#039;warriors&#039; in this game are programs written in Intel&#039;s 8086 assembly.
coreweb	A core Web applicatoin fouces only pure J2EE web technology such as filter,listener and webcontext,for helping new J2EE web programer to learn core technology.
corex	Corex and related libaries (BINOS,APS). Designed for GBA and NDS console, but may port to another platform.
corga	A Java web application to support all phases of the organization of scientific conferences from the submission of papers to the production of badges for participants. Corga currently ships with Hypersonic SQL, but can also run on MS SQL Server and MySQL.
corganizer	Organizer is PIM program including calendar, contacts, tasks, notes and synchronization with MS Outlook and SE Phone
coriander	Coriander is a full-featured GUI for IEEE1394, IIDC-compliant (aka DCAM) digital cameras. It includes camera control, video display, saving, FTP and V4L export.
coridendro	Visualize how different diseases (e.g. skin cancer) are genetically inherited.
corina	The Cornell Tree-Ring Analysis System.  A program for several aspects of dendrochronology: measuring, indexing, crossdating, graphing, summing masters, and even drawing maps of locations of sites.
corinet	CORINET is a neural network simulation package tailored towards neural models of intermediate complexity, i.e. neurons with some spatial structure or complexity, but not to the extent of compartmental models. Flexible simulation, and easily extendible.
corinisccm	Corinis CCM is a content and community management system. It combines all the power of a professional content management solution (WYSIWIG editing, versioning, role-based QA, and more) with the flexibility and ease of use of a web community framework.
coriolis3d	3D Carom billiards simulation / simulation 3D de billard carambole (billard francais)
cork	Extension library for embedded devices. The aim to to provide drivers for what ever we can get our hands on, and a common cross-platform for building embedded applications.
corksurf	Java/JSP Based Chatterbox. Supports smileys, profanity filter etc.
cornelios	CorneliOS is a web OS that will allow to create and manage online applications. It can be used as a framework to create dedicated CorneliOS applications or as a management tool for existing web applications.
corneredchicken	Open Source Software provided by the cornered chicken. The first part of this software is a Common Lisp Plugin for Eclipse, other stuff will follow.
cornerpocket	A java-based client-server poker program, focusing first on Texas Hold-em and later expanding to other games.
cornucopia	Cornucopia is an Offline Dictionary for Mobile Phones/PDAs and similar resource constrained devices. It works on anything that supports MIDP 1.0 (j2me) or above.
cornucopt	Cornucopt is a PHP/MySQL-based Wiki engine with Everything2-like UI customs. It also features hard logins/permissions and an extensible framework that makes it easy to create specialized (e.g. weblog- or forum-like) behavior for a given page.
corona	Corona is an image reading/writing library for C++.  It is portable (Win32, POSIX), has a minimal set of dependencies, and has a small footprint.
coronelado	A sample user authentication and registration application using Stripes, the Java Preferences API and log4j
coropa	CoRoPa stands for Computational Rough Paths. The aim of CoRoPa is to provide a software framework to test various ideas related to Rough Paths Theory for digital description of serial data streams (sound compression, ...).
corp-resource	Corporate Resource: Business communication and management. One database with all corporate information but accessed through real GUI application. Employee time pay, support communications, trouble tickets &amp; tracking.  Workflow driven.
corpcop	CorpCop is a PHP based web database which records information on the ethical record, ownership, and countries of business of corporations, and allows users to search for companies which meet various criteria.
corpora	Corpora, the Corporate Monitoring Standards Project, promotes the development of standards in storing and transmitting corporate monitoring information and of open source software to support those standards.
corps	Corporative Publishing System. A Content Management System for enterprise scale use, which needs to publish a large amount of content via web. The system is modeled to support a large development environment using modularized permission architeture.
corpus	Corpus is a cross-project/-toolchain/-platform Build System to support and encourage development as reusable libraries and tools that are used together as a coherent body, the Code Corpus.
corpussearch	CorpusSearch finds syntactic structures in a corpus of annotated sentence trees.  It can be used as a research tool on a corpus, or as a development tool for building the corpus.
corrcount	corrCount runs a correlation count on and graphs spacing data.
correcttime	A simple client NTP (network time protocol) for windows
corredor	Corredor is a robust general framework for performing software test automation.  The suite aims to simplify the set up, maintenance, and running of tasks, supporting remote distribution, parallel execution, &amp; dependancy hierarchies.
corresp-wow-ui	Correspondance est un AddOn pour World Of Warcraft (WoW), qui permet de gerrer des phrases pré-enregistrées, associées à des emotes. Rp, Chat, Communication. # Translations :: English, Spanish ( natively French )
corruptedsystem	CorruptedSystem is (going to be) a text-based/menu-interface game where you will be in control of a startup banking company in the 1800&#039;s and work your way through the global economy to take over the world, if you can!
corsaac	corsaac: is a intranet application for restaurants who wants to control everything from one place, written with php using ADOdb and Smarty classes.
corsair	Qtopia based RSS/Podcast Aggregator for PMA400 and other mobile devices
corsaircms	Corsair is a framework for rich internet applications written in OpenLaszlo LZX and PHP with a Flash frontend and expandability through plugins and skins.
corsaire	Un jeu de pirates entièrement en ligne.
corsolas	Corsolas AOP Attributed Framework for .NET 2.0 es una innovadora forma de tratar con Aspect Oriented Programing, basada en atributos sin lenguajes externos y lo mejor de una forma facil y poderosa... by maxtuno.
cortex	Cortex acts as a graphical frontend to the BeOS Media Roster.  If you are a software developer working with media nodes, Cortex provides you with a basic test platform.
cortex-manager	The Cortex Manager application is designed to help users manage their music on the storage devices used with the Cortex HDC-1000, HDC-3000, HDTT-5000 and others.
cortez	Cortez, for create new news service model for RSS and blogging. Cortez will just offer the environment to create post, read news thru RSS(ATOM) and syndicate within the multiple blogs.
corublkmods	Blocks and modules for moodle. Development of blocks and modules for the Moodle (www.moodle.org)
cos	C Object System -- Object oriented framework written in C99 and strongly inspired from CLOS and Objective-C. It implements class (defclass), generic (defgeneric), multimethod (defmethod), exception (try-catch-finally) and contract (pre-post-invariant).
cos-project	Classroom-extension for Open-source Softwares or COS is a framework which implements a client-server architecture based on IEEE1484.1 standard for learning technology. The project aims to improve usability of open-source softwares as classroom tools.
cos360	Spring 2005: USM COS360 Term Project: Networking enviromental sensor devices.
cosagilepassman	Secure Java Password Manager application: Aids in client management of usernames and passwords across various web sites. To be developed via TDD. Could evolve to be a browser plugin quickly.
cosbo	3D Space Visualisation (Stellar Objects, ...)
cosched	This project aims to develop a highly-available, fault-tolerant co-scheduling system, for helping reserve multiple compute/storage/network resources &quot;simultaneously&quot; in a distributed computing environment.
cosea	Cosea: the project about studying the supporting technology for web components which devoloped on Windows or other systems running on Linux, such as,.Net, Java,CAR,COM and ActiveX and support the interoperability among components.
coseml	COSEML
cosette	A web-based WYSIWYG document authoring and management system for ePortfolio and publications. It allows users to create and publish papers with searchable interface.
cosi-dot-net	The .Net wrapper for the Centera SDK is an open source project that is part of the EMC Centera Open Source Initiative (COSI). The EMC Centera Open Source Initiative is for toolkits and applications that interact with the EMC Centera content addressed sto
cosiculs	Open code old modules of closed &quot;complex configure and monitoring system for UNIX servers CoSiCULS (C)2001 Sergey S. Belonin&quot;. Contain ip-traffic counter, user manage module and other, as author belived open other modules code.
cosign	An open source project originally designed to provide the University of Michigan with a secure single sign-on web authentication system. Cosign is part of the National Science Foundation Middleware Initiative (NMI) EDIT software release.
cosignfriend	Cosign Friend allows users with an e-mail address to create a self-service user account.  Originally intended for use with Cosign [http://weblogin.org], it can be  adapted to run independently or with other web iso/sso solutions.
cosim	Connect distributed simulation model components through CORBA
cosimma	COSIMMA is a software physical modeling synthesizer. It is based on the COmputer SImulation of Moving MAsses and their interactions.
cosimo	Cosimo is a Mozilla-based blog editing program.
cosm	A set of applications to facilitate the discovery of semantic patterns in very large collections. Includes the Java-based XOColATl a modular Application to bridge the components of the system. Harvester an OAI-PMH client writen in PHP that generates a Ma
cosmacs	An instant messenger to serve the userbase of my website, as an alternative to the popular services. Name is still TBD.
cosmic	The CoSMiC Project aims at creating a distributed simulated environment for leisure, chat, play etc.
cosmicencounter	Cosmic is a Boardgame adaption of the popular Boardgame &quot;Cosmic Encounter&quot; to the PC. &quot;The Game that breaks its own rules&quot;. Every game is different so you can practically play it forever.
cosmicos	CosmicOS is a framework for creating stand-alone messages suitable for sending to ourselves in the distant future, or to use in SETI research.  It is inspired by Hans Freudenthal&#039;s language, Lincos, and Carl Sagan&#039;s book, Contact.
cosmogonia	Cosmogonia nasce con l&#039;intento di produrre una &quot;Distribuzione Live&quot; per cdrom, che rifletta in tutto il sistema operativo Fedora (a parte eventuali personalizzazioni grafiche).\nOggi CosmogoniaII che incorpora la nota distribuzione Fedora C
cosmopbx	ComoPBX is a PBX Live CD. CosmoPBX is based on Knoppix and includes the popular Asterisk PBX 1.4 and Asterisk-GUI. CosmoPBX is one of the few live cds having the latest Asterisk 1.4 and Asterisk gui. CosmoPBX is designed for home and office use.
cosmopylot	Survival game: how to stay alive alone in the space, when radio is dying every now and then, and shuttles only bring microwave ovens instead of telescopes?
cosmos	The main purpose of COSMOS is to serve as a repository of reusable objects (in source code) that are relevant to the medical domain. Small applications with increasing functionality, will then be built on top of the objects.
cosmos-cms	The Cosmos CMS is a content management system using PHP and Postgresql
cosmoscf	CosMoS is an open source content management solution working with ColdFusion. The goal of the project is to make the code work on all versions of ColdFusion for Linux, HP-UX, Solaris, and Windows. We plan on supporting as many databases as we can by buil
cosmosgame	This is a space exploration/trading game that will eventually let thousands of players to play in the same game universe. It will grow to include many types of sub games: strategic conquest, role playing, trading, etc.
cosmosplugins	The purpose of this project is to provide several eclipse plugins to assist softawre developmment in various domains. The first set will contains plugins which assists in the writing/tunning/executing of Selenium (http://selenium.thoughtworks.com) tests.
cosmosrts	an online rts set in the future created with java using the game engine JME
cosmosui	Cosmos is a World of Warcraft User Interface development suite, designed to make creating new UI mods and configuring current AddOns easier.
cosmud	Public release of the COSmud.
coso	The CoSo (COnvert to SOny RTF) transforms RTF files to make them compatible with Sony PRS-500 Reader.
cosole	The application name is Pancake an alternate version of the telnet. It offers a large number of functions and achives this in a minimum amount of time. Includes WebCT, Chat, http, etc support. Offers help for each option.
cosp	This site is dedicated to the development of The Clue!, a burglary simulation/adventure game, originally developed by ...and avoid panic by and published by neo Software. The game is OpenSource since 2000.
cospa-kb	A knowledge-base system built on top of dspace, originally for the needs of the COSPA project (www.cospa-project.org). It adds full-text indexing and searching, and allows commenting on items, and  tries to help with the gathering of meta-data.
cosproject	Cos provides a high level interface to application developers wishing to manipulate objects stored in a corportate wide data source lightweight data entries are manipulated by services that are able to appear and dissapear across the network as needed.
coss	Little conntent management system with extra features of student to classes subscribiton
cost-count	This can be used to maintain and keep track of your expenses on a Monthly basis. Or this can be used for each individual accounts you may have. All the more, this is just to sum up your expenses or accounts. Also get a summary of what was spent in each c
costa	Aim of the project is to develop statistics software for the first person shooter Counter-Strike (http://www.counter-strike.net), which stimulates players to teamplay and achieve mission goals rather than just improving their kill-to-death ratio.
costapse	Problem Solving Environment (PSE) for Data Assimilation and Model Calibration
costars	Collection Of Static Tools And Response Scripts
costcenter	Expense tracking tool for Windows Mobile Smartphone 2003. Written in .NET Compact Framework. Use CsvDataAdapter (www.opennetcf.org) as persistant storage. Currently it hasn&#039;t released the first major drop.
costoms	This is a program for custom service, like Custom Declaration, Taxes calculation.
costumizefolder	&quot;Customize Folder&quot; is a small utility for Windows XP that allows the user to customize each folder the way he wants, by changing it&#039;s icon and it&#039;s background image while browsing, among other options. Written in C++.
cosxom	cosxom is an efficient C implementation of the filesystem-based database concept pioneered by blosxom.
cosy	CoSy -- The Computer Assisted Conferencing System from the University of Guelph
cosycorner	CosyCorner is a java network software based on videoconference and dedicate to artistic applications. This software has been thought to give artists a cooperative tool to experiment media streaming technologies and create events on the web.
cot	cot means : &quot;The Chronicles pf Takis&quot;, a Roleplaying Game that we are disigning to distribute for free to the members of our community: http://forums.rpglegacy.org
cotasktracker	ComputerTaskTracker is a time tracking application that help to the computer users who are working making diverse tasks throughout the daily work and need to register the time used in each task easy and quickly.
cotcot	CotCot Codec est un SDK pour implémenter un Codec pour la JMF en Java. Le SDK consiste en une base pour implémenter aisément son propre format et ses propres algorithmes de compression, ainsi qu&#039;une documentation pour développer un Codec dans la JMF
coteri	Coteri is a high-performance bulletin board package that is easy to customize. The foundation for Coteri is Mojavi MVC coupled with the Creole DB abstraction layer for php4, giving developers a modular way to add new features.
cotf-cefield	A d20 character automation system. This will provide an up to the moment view of the modifiers to your character stats.
coti	COTI: copy over TCP/IP: easy to install and use file exchange tool between two peers.
cotool	Cotool is a collection of routines and tutorials on complexity analysis of time series. Cotool aims to make accessible all the tools of complex system analysis available in the scientific literature to all researchers studying complex phenomena.
cotsec	Cotsec (Common Off the Shelf Enterprise Components) generates code for Java/J2EE/Struts, Swing interfaces, C# .NET applications and to a lesser extent Perl.  It generates software from requirements: forms, validation and database table definintions.
cotsec-commons	The Cotsec Commons library is a sub-project of the main Cotsec Code Generation framework, and provides utility functions for the project as a whole.
cotta	A light weight file IO library to ease the use of Java File IO related API and enable the testability.
cottoncms	100% pure Java CMS. Based on Apache Cocoon - using WebDAV and any XML files (eg. OpenOffice.org native files) as content objects.
cottontricot	Free 2D RPG game using python (with pygame). No source files or other downloads open to public...  yet!
cotvnc	Chicken of the VNC is a VNC client for Mac OS X. A VNC client allows one to display and interact with a remote computer screen. In other words, you can use Chicken of the VNC to interact with a remote computer as though it&#039;s right next to you.
couchpotato	couchpotato:  group-diary software for  club athletes (runners, cyclist, and swimmers) to track  their daily workouts.  Idea for groups of athlete&#039;s who train together, or in private mode, suitable for individuals to keep a history of their daily wo
coucoustyle	The Coucou Style project assistance with the design of interface Web. The using of template is then possible.
cougaar	Cougaar is a java-based architecture for the construction of large-scale distributed agent-based applications, and a product of a multi-year DARPA research development on a large scale survivable intelligent agent architecture.  Please visit the homepage
cougar	Cougar is a java package that consists of code that we typically write and use for all projects. The Cougar philosophy is to wrap more complicated packages into simple ones. i.e. KISS.
cougaris	Proteus is a stegographic program that allows a user to embed data inside a sufficently large JPEG, JPG, GIF, PNG and 16 bit (Stereo) WAV file. Proteus is written entirely in Java 1.4 and makes use of BouncyCastle cryptographic provider for cryptographic
cougarsquared	Cougar Squared is a new Java library for machine learning and data mining research, supporting research needs of the community. It is written by researchers for researchers. It extends the WEKA and YALE machine learning frameworks.
count	The count program is a very simple utility that recursively counts the size of directories, optionally producing a per-directory breakdown of usage.
countdotnetcula	Count Dotnetcula is an extensible code line counter for programming projects. Unlike other code counters, an effort was made to abstract out extensible classes to make a well designed code counter. Kevin Grigorenko
countdown	Two programs, one in Java and one in Javascript, which display a configurable graphical countdown timer on a computer.  Useful for testing situations and short-range anticipated events.
counter-attack	The goal of this project is to bring Counter-Strike gameplay (a game where counter-terrorists play against terrorists, rescuing hostages, defusing bombs and so on. Based on Half-Life engine) to Quake Engine. QuakeWorld engine is used and widely extended.
counter-clan	I want my site to be for clans for Counter-Strike To interact with one another. Admins will be able to set ranks on clans so we can match them up evenly for scrims.
countercms	CounterStrikeSource // Clan Management System Is A Easy To Use Clan Management System For The Average Joe. This Will Save Many Time And Or Money In Website Design And Coding. Its Less Of A Hassle Then Trying To Mod Another CMS To Fit The Clan Site Style
countermoves	Countermoves joins non computer and computer game developers and players together to share and interact. Print and online GFDL publications are created. Print versions are offered at no cost via a ?Guerilla Distribution Method?
counterscript	Extensive logging of your visitor browser capablities. Using client side javascript and php.
counterstick	A two-dimensional, top-down viewed, java based, online multiplayer and offline single player, first person shooter. It is powered by Jave, making it a cross-system compatible.
counterstrike2	CounterStrike2 is an advanced version of the popular Counter-Strike Mod for Half-Life. It is based on Xeno3D, a new 3D graphics realtime engine designed for FPS games.
countertext	Counter-Text is a text-based version of the popular first-person shooter, Counter-Strike written in Java and therefore available on any platform that supports Java.
countless	The project aims to make publishing of wildlife survey data easier using PHP Mapscript. By uploading survey or sightings data the user will be presented with a generalization map based on the Quarter Degree Grid Cell system.
countlines-py	A Python script that counts lines in text files.
countm	An Apache 2 only DSO module serving link counting information via jpeg and png images. Supports Fedora Core 4 (i386), FreeBSD 6.0-RELEASE (i386), and OpenSolaris Build 28. Designed for installation into one server machine, supports separate virtual serve
countmaker	Countmaker is a PHP program and provides a web interface. The User can configure the popular Count.cgi.
countrydance	Animate country dances from dance details kept in XML.  Allows you to provide Java applets when publishing your event&#039;s dance list online.
countrydanceweb	Our goal is to develop a Ruby on Rails project that can handle Scottish Country Dances and provide the associated &#039;business logic&#039; that is relevant to a Scottish Country Dance Society.
countrydb	Country Information Database contains names of countries, FIPS code, ISO2 and ISO3 tags, name of Capital, region information, name and code of currency used, time lag GMT, type of time format (STD, DST for Day Light Saving Time) and languages spoken.
countryshare	Country article system is a layered Java/J2EE application.
countword	Count words or Find words with specified counts in a file.\nAs a tiny but handy program written in standard C++, it&#039;s supposed to complement command &#039;wc&#039; from another aspect.
coupa	Coupa eProcurement is a requisition system with best-in-class usability. Built to manage employee purchasing, it includes catalog management, shopping cart buying, approvals, purchase orders and more. Procurement application built in Ruby on Rails.
coupe	coupe project stands for qp as &#039;quick pages&#039;. It&#039;s goal is to create specification for stricte informative pages/sites described and signed as coupe ready. Coupe will combine the best from xhtml, web accesibility and web usability afflicti
couper	couper gaLaXy -- The electronic coupon management sytem. Pure Java coupon sale and redemption server (and client libraries) ready for integration with enterprise backoffice. Allows giving away or selling promotional coupons and virtual scratch-cards.
couponbanners	Java / mySQL banner rotation software.  The software offers different levels of rotation and different user accounts.
courier	The Courier mail transfer agent (MTA) is an integrated mail/groupware server based on open commodity protocols such as ESMTP, IMAP, POP3, LDAP, SSL, and HTTP. Courier provides ESMTP, IMAP, POP3, Webmail, calendaring, and mailing list services.
courier-mailadm	Web-interface management for virtual domains, email-addresses and aliases for the courier mail server. Depends on MySQL and PhP
courier-stats	Parses log information for the courier mail systems and presents statistical summary information in a variety of formats.
courieradmin	A new Manager for the Courier Mailserver. It supports LDAP, MySQL, PGSQL as UserStore and Text or LDAP for aliases. Writen in PHP. Try it.
courierboss	PHP/MySQL based application built to provide easy, fast and powerful tools to manage Courier MTA/IMAP server, including aspects but not limited to: Multiple domains, Account management, Local &amp; Remote aliases, Mailing lists
couriercargo	An application to help companies working on courier/cargo/delivery services. With this application you will record addresses in categories of Streets, Neighborhoods, Districts etc. You can group and organize them, then print labels to stick on envelopes.
couriervuadmin	Courier User Admin for virtual user accounts, allows your clients to administrate their own users. Takes the headache out of administrating large amount of users.
courou	My script personnel
cours-japonais	Projet de professionnalisation du site éducatif http://www.cours-japonais.fr qui propose des cours de japonais en ligne gratuitement.
course-crawler	Course Crawler is an application to compile term-definition pair from multiple web glossaries into a centralized, stable, and searchable location.
courseeditor	Course Editor is an authoring tool designed to construct multimedia-based hierarchical structures from existing learning objects (LOMs) stored in a database. JDO-compliant, completely implemented in Java.
courseman	This is a web-based registration system for courses held at an educational institution. It features a public interface for filing registrations and an internal interface for managing course attendance approvals by the coordinating staff.
coursems	This is a Course Management System for anybody running courses. Essentially allows for users to register online and also to provide your website with published course schedules and control over registrations, all managed by an administrator console.
coursenotebook2	CourseNotebook is a message board program. It has a very easy to use interface and yet allows for a variety of message types to be posted. It offers a special mode for instructors to post grades (using cut and paste) from Excel and to add students by pos
coursereader	The CourseReader is an educational computer conferencing program used for  conducting courses via the Internet.  It filters a newsgroup&#039;s messages into multiple courses for offline work. It is especially useful in regions with expensive Internet acc
courseschedx	An interactive college course scheduling program that can be used to sort out your classes from semester to semester
coursetool	CourseTool is a set of tools that can be used to facilitate course instruction. It provides tools for course management (assignments, grades, feedback), collaboration (messaging, discussion forum, FAQ maintanence), document management (course material)
coursetracking	This is a database-driven web application to track training courses information in a company. The project uses Jakarta Struts framework. You can add/edit course information and add/delete employees to/from courses.
coursework	This project is maintaining and developing a port of CourseWork from Stanford University to use a PostgreSQL backend instead of Oracle. The project will add additional Opensource VLE tools including a SCORM player and an Discussion tool
coursor	Web-Based Academic course system for assigning students to courses written in JAVA with pgsql DB and evolutionary algorithm for assigning students to course requests. Multiple roles for users: Admin, Student, Teacher or Tutor. International localization.
coursperl	This projetc is aimed to provide a full and free Perl training document in French first.
coushe	Editor for mobile phone color schemes (ColorSchemes, *.col files).
couteau	perl menu for professional or personal administration -
cove	COVE (C++ Object Visual Enviroment),make your runtime c++ objects to be visible on the web, built on gcc-xml(http://www.gcc-xml.org) and seal-reflex(http://seal-reflex.web.cern.ch/seal-reflex/index.html ) projects.
covenant	Covenant is a Marriage license processing application written in C#. This application allows government agencies to gather bride and groom information and generate a marriage certificate.
coveragespy	unit test coverage analysis
covereal	Program to test a libcap capture file for protocol coverage.  Usable as a tester for packet generators meant to produce packet sets for testing of network interface projects.
covered	Covered is a Verilog code coverage utility using VCD/LXT dumpfiles (or VPI simulation interface) and the design to generate line, toggle, memory, combinational logic, FSM state/arc and assertion coverage report metrics viewable via GUI or ASCII format.
coverhog	CoverHog will fetch album cover art from the internet for MP3 files with valid ID3 tags.
coverhunter	CoverHunter will scan your digital music albums and try to get the cover image for each one. After that, if more than one cover was found, you can choose wich one will be set as the cover for that album. These covers may be used by XMMS, KDE, GNOME, etc.
coverlipse	An eclipse plugin for code coverage visualization of JUnit Tests. Especially useful for test-first development. Supported coverages include block coverage and all-uses coverage (Data Flow Analysis).
coverlord	CoverLord: simplifies the way of downloading CD-Covers.
coverprint	Cover printing application for cd covers, supporting multiple formats such as DVD, CD, VCD and mini-CD. Supports multiple image formats.
covertdxf2sql	Do you need to see DXF files in Php? This software is for you! You can see DXF files in PHP and execute query inside. It&#039;s the best for GIS applications!
coverview	CoverView is a Winamp 2.x plugin which provides a snapped window that shows cover art.  It is compatible with the Windows XP standard of storing cover art with music albums.
coverviewer	CoverViewer is a plugin for XMMS that displays images (Jpeg) contained in the playing directory (for example, cover of the album...)
coveryourasp	CoverYourASP.com - complete Active Server Pages source (JScript) for this popular web site. Includes full membership system, diary, online db admin, banner ad system and loads more.
covet	Covet allows users to take ownership of a file in a group directory, as long as they are a member of that group.
covi	PHP code project analyzer and organizer.
covibli	Se trata de crear un conjunto de componentes visuales que proporcionen acceso a las bases de datos de Interbase.
covide	Covide combines great Groupware (shared email, calendars, files) and CRM (sales and support) in CRM-groupware. The most efficient way to work together. Integrate it with VoIP PBX Asterisk and OpenOffice and you can create a complete Virtual Office.
covlin	Covert Linux is technology of instalation for Linux without repartition the disk and running from native system, e.g. you can install Linux from ,say, Windows by grabbing some SETUP.EXE, launching it and then clicking on desktop icon.
cow	COW is a cross-platform object-oriented workspace that provides a powerful API for RTTI, serialization, streaming, logging, etc. It also contains a set of storage types(String, List, Array, etc.).
cowards	COWARDS stands for COrporate WARs Dedicated Soldiers. This is a 3D Real-Time Strategy, with some Civilization influence (Research tree) and a special effort towards smooth-solid missions and reasonably smart AI for both player and computer units.
cowbird	Big Brain Labs Project Cowbird
cowcatcher	This project develops an XML authoring tool and a repository for Java training and tutorial material. This material is primarily directed at those who provide Java class-room training (like ourselves!), but may be of use to anyone studying Java.
cowdm	CowDM is an effort to turn the St. Louis Area Dance Marathon site into a site that can be used by a variety of Dance Marathon sites across the nation, enabling better use of the internet to raise money for Children&#039;s Miracle Network
cowfishserver	A small Java(TM) based server to offer and deliver recorded MPEG2-TS streams of settop boxes to suitable videoplayer. Use this webserver to watch and convert movies recorded by the Siemens Gigaset M740/S750 on your computer.
cowherd	Cowherd is an easy-to-use, versatile and platform independent frontend for designing entity relationship diagrams.
cowmet	CowMet is Linux distribution for Desktop users. CowMet is a LiveCD and improve linux instalation on a computer, network configuration, access to hard disk...
cowmud	I&#039;m sorry to say, but COWMUD is not longer going to be worked on.  With the permission of the other authors, I have made the change to public domain so do with the code what you will.
cowpatty	coWPAtty is designed to audit the security of pre-shared keys selected in WiFi Protected Access (WPA) networks.
cowpie	Cowpie is an application for synchronizing character actions with sound files and animation tools like Blender and 3DS Max. Such actions include the phonemes of speech and facial expressions. Cowpie will also coordinate speech for multiple characters.
cowry	The Cowry project promotes the use of Mac OS X style bundles as a means for software packaging and delivery. This includes installation handling, automatic updates, and handling of multi-component applications.
cows	COntent management system that WorkS (COWS) is a Content Management system (cms) for a band or bands to easily manage content of their web site.
cows-ajax	Changeable Origin Web Service Ajax is not restricted by the browser same origin policy. Without that restriction, the potential for web services is phenomenal. This method can be faster and eliminate common network problems associated with XMLHttpRequest
cowsim200x	Simulation of cows in their natural habitat, a grass-filled meadow.
cowsuite	CowSuite (when development is at a more advanced stage) will be a collection of content management software, written in PHP5 and designed for the Apache web server on Unix/Linux.
cowtipper	A Cow Tipping Simulator, capable of on-line and offline, single and multiplayer cow-tippage.  Please contribute to the most unique project ever to grace the internet!!  Cow Tipping Simulator is for real, not a joke.
cowtrade	Java MIDlet Game: As a salesman in the middle ages you have to earn as Much as possible by selling different goods.
cowzilla	Cowzilla is Atom 0.3 parser written as a PHP class.  It has the functionality to parse and convert Atom to RSS 2.0 (atom2rss), Atom to a HTML document, and check your GMail.
cox	CoX enables you to exchange files very quickly with a tiny interface.
coxmrktrak	Track the effectiveness of your advertising by creating ad campaigns linking them to phone switch logs, web server logs, and direct mail responses.
coxpress	R code/library for the study of co-expression in gene expression data sets
coxsim	Open source marine simulator - Based on FlightGear and SimGear, with the eventual aim of being better than curently avaliable commercial simulators. CoxSim is a play on the word &quot;coxswain&quot;, which refers to the person who steers a boat.
coyote-ds	An integrated devlopment environment (IDE) which can parse commands written different languages within the same subs and compile true binaries (no runtimes) for most major platforms.
coyoteback	CoyoteBack is a Windows (NT/2K/XP) GUI backup and restore utility for Coyote Linux router floppies. CoyoteBack was developed using Borland C++ Builder v5.0 Enterprise, and is licensed under the GPL v2.
coyotecms	Coyote CMS is an open source content management system written in PHP, designed to be easy and intuitive for both website developers and content editors. It uses template and module structures that make for fast development for people who know PHP.
coyotegris	Coyote Gris is an Educational Content Management System. Perfecto para escuelas y universidades. Los maestros administran las tareas, cursos y exámenes. Los estudiantes leen su agenda y revisan sus tareas pendientes. Es un Campus Virtual. Autoinstalable
coyotelinux	Coyote Linux is a floppy distribution designed to make it easy to setup and use Linux for small network utility devices such as a broadband routers or wireless access point.
coyotemon	CoyoteMonitoring is a Zope-based web interface for managing NetFlow Collectors, data, and graphs. Inspired by Cacti&#039;s capabilities with SNMP, CoyoteMonitoring aims to provide rich and useful features for organizations requiring NetFlow management.
coyotetm	Coyote is a task manager
cozza-wf	This project aims to realize a web framework based on XML technology, The real goal of this application is to provide a solid base for web application development, providing a developing facility.
cp-converter	Codepage Converter - Convert HTML/Text files to different encoding formats e.g. ANSI to UTF-8 or Unicode. Convert multiple files with 1 click. Works with all encodings.
cp-expend	On this project page you will see multiple scripts and sources expanded for ur use. Every month you can suspect and update of some scripts.
cp-gfx	CP-GFX is simply a Cross Platform Guitar Effect Processor. The aim of the project is to create an extensible and easy to use program which is easy to port to different platforms an operating systems.
cp-imaging	The aim of this project is to build the application for automatic recognition, classifying and counting relatively simple objects on the image (e.g. cells on the microphotograph or video capture window).
cp1-sim	cp1-sim enables the user to simulate the famous KOSMOS CP1 educational computer from the 1980&#039;s on any PC or Mac. Give us some feedback! :)
cp2fwbuilder	This tools help you migrating existing Checkpoint Firewall 1 Installation and Rulesets to Linux or *BSD based Firewall. This is done by converting the Rulebase- and the Objects- Database from Checkpoint to the FirewallBuilder XML Format.
cp4df	A criteria selection for guiding and assuring activities concerned with the analysis of digital evidence, It covers legal, police and operational aspects. It is not a technical manual for computer forensic analysis, It is a criteria-based manual.
cpac	The Cross Platform Application Collection is a meta project which includes several smaller projects that provide useful tools for any .net/mono enabled platform.
cpack	Pack files into C source code similar to sharutils. To extract files, compile and run the C source.
cpacman	Centralized package manager (CPacMan) - package management (redistribution) solution for server farms. Central package redistribution system increases security and improves manageability.
cpaint	CPAINT (Cross-Platform Asynchronous INterface Toolkit) is a multi-language toolkit that helps web developers design and implement AJAX web applications with ease and flexibility.
cpan-htpext	This module extends HTML::Template::Pro to easily support methods and tags not implemented in parent module. All plugins live in the H::T::P::Extension namespace and you can built your own extension to support you prefered tags and functionality.
cpan-mac	cpan-mac is tools for using CPAN with MacPerl 5.2.0r4.  It is NOT compatible with MacPerl 5.6.1, which already includes the modified modules and tools from cpan-mac.  cpan-mac will not be developed further; future development will be in MacPerl itself.
cpan-search	Set up and maintain a lightweight searchable database for CPAN (Comprehensive Perl Archive Network).
cpan2rpm	This utility packages CPAN modules in RPM format intelligently and with minimal effort.  It produces spec-files, binaries and/or source packages and automatically downloads a module from CPAN or a given url.  Offers lots of options for tweaking the spec
cpanelam	Cpanel Account Manager\nAccount Manager for webmaster who manages web accounts. It allows webmaster to add /modify and expire the account at certain date.
cpanelapache	cpanelapache is a hosting control panel for windows user using apache that is completely written in php. With cpanelapache you will enjoy alot of functions of the native cpanel control panel, only this time on windows,all u need is a server running php a
cpanelapi	Enable you php scripts for automated cPanel email account creation or deletion
cpanelbill	Cpanel Billing integration for the Linux webhosting administrator, Cpanel. Allows Credit Card Processing to allow accounts to be made
cpanelproxy	This script is made for people who use cPanel. Its purpose is to give access to cPanel (including webmail and WHM) at port 80 by acting like a proxy. (For people behind strict firewalls.) It can be installed by server owner, reseller or end-users.
cpanemail	An automated cPanel email account creation script.
cpanspec	cpanspec generates spec files for Perl modules from CPAN for Fedora Extras.
cpas	The Computational Portal and Analysis System, or CPAS, is a set of web-based bioinformatics and collaboration tools to help scientists store, analyze, and share data from high-throughput experiments and clinical trials.
cpascal	We know most of programming languages are in English.So if a Chinese want to learn that, it&#039;s too difficult.This is a new choice for you.Our target is a bootstrapping, Chinese compiler.
cpat	A curses based solitaire/patience card game. Play all your favourite games - FreeCell, Klondike, Spider and many more - without touching a mouse.
cpbackup	cPanel Backup is a set of automated scripts for triggering full backups of your website through cPanel and retrieving the backup files using FTP.
cpbot	This project is an IRC Service written in TCL to be used with Eggdrop. This script is an Channel Protection Bot which will work with Quakenets Q and L bots, to protect the channel from any type of takeover.
cpcave	CpCave is a 1&#039;st person cave flying game with randomly generated worlds to fly in. The objective is to survive long enough with an ever accelerating speed to achieve a highscore and maybe to grab a few bonuses along the way.
cpcd	This daemon provides a bootstrapping solution to allow p2p servlets to connect to existing p2p networks.  The GWebCache and UHC protocols are implemented. It was designed for the GNU/Linux platform, is written in C, and uses the pthreads library.
cpclassic	A WordPad-like cryptography program. Includes AES, RC4, Skipjack, Twofish, Blowfish, CryptAPI, DES, Gost, XOR, and TEA.
cpcom	CPCOM contains a open-source and cross-platform implementation of the Microsoft COM API for operating systems that do not have an implementation.  This allows COM components to be easily ported to other systems.
cpcommander	Checkpoint Commander is a cross-platform file management, viewing, and archiving / security tool written in Java. Includes optional archive encryption using AES (AES-CBC-HMAC-SHA1).
cpcommerce	This E-commerce Script combines many utilities that many other &quot;free&quot; e-commerce scripts provide, except I allow you to completely customize the entire layout by editing 5 files. This is due to the script being built using modules (code segment
cpcomuni	Whit CPComuni you can add to your HTML pages a list of all regions, provinces and city of Italy with a Google Suggest style. Con CPComuni e&#039; possibile aggiungere un motore di ricerca per Comuni, Province e Regioni Italiane, in maniera semplice e vel
cpd	CPD is a Dance Dance Revolution simulator written in Java with OpenGL and a tiny touch of C. It supports DWI files natively, mp3 audio, provides a modern DDR experience, and easy installation.
cpdfwriter	PHP5 class for exporting PDF documents based on TCPDF and FPDF + other related scripts. This is LGPL software. I adjusted a lot of things and included/adapted many more options.
cpdfwriterig	Image_Graph driver for PDF export without using PDFlib. This is LGPL software.
cpearls	A collection of C and C++ sample code.
cpedia	A code generator Tool to genrate high quality code!\nIt will genaretor the DAO layer and the service layer code which base on Spring ,Hibernate.\n\nThis project is develop with Castor, Velocity  ect.
cpeg	Driver for the cPEG C 3.0 DVD/MPEG2 PCI decoder card.
cpengine	cpEngine is a library and ultimately a content management system that is prepared out of the box. It is mainly aimed towards software developers as it is modular, template driven and multi lingual. Its meant to be the base of a software bundle or project
cperipherals	The long term goal is to design an open platform, including a hardware interface standard, a series of communication protocols, and a software base, which extend the capabilities of the desktop in as-yet unheard-of ways.
cpetstore	CPetstore is yet another shorter and cleaner Petstore using open source COTS. It features: generated entity beans with finders; JAAS; Struts for UI; generated SLSB by Xdoclet; Goodie (Weblogic + Oracle) and Freebie (Jboss + MySQL) build w/o code change.
cpfinder	Program designed to find chord progressions for a given melody in MIDI and save them.
cpforum	A project that translate open source projects into chinese. Currently include PostNuke, Invision Board, etc.
cpframework	PHP website framework with classes and examples to easily create the framework for a website the proper way.  Includes template engine classes, database access classes, error logging, email clases and more.
cpg	The goal of this project is to develop PostgreSQL support for Compiere equal to Oracle.  We will document all changes and additions to Compiere, extensively test, and submit to Jorg for inclusion in the Compiere baseline.
cpg-contrib	Coppermine Contrib is a project that holds community supported plugins for Coppermine Photo Gallery which is an easily set-up, fast, feature-rich photo gallery script. (http://coppermine.sf.net)
cpgphoenix	Modules for CPG-Nuke 9(dragonfly) are hard to come by, this is a group that will create modules for it. Namely a Complete Points system for DRAGONFLY 9
cphp	An article (slashdot style) system written in PHP/MySQL, with a lot of features like multiple languages, polls, forums, web-based administration, themes, etc
cphplib	cphplib (Cute PHP library) is a small collection of classes for PHP. Purpose of the classes is to simplify functions for daily work with PHP. e.g. convertions, formating, DB session and so on...
cpia	CPIA is a macro-processing engine for XML (and HTML), written in C.  Tag definitions can be placed inline (as in m4 or cpp) or in a separate &quot;tagset&quot; file.  The engine can either be used offline as a processor, or inside a web server.
cpia2	Cpia2 provides a linux driver for cameras using STMicroelectronics cpia2 (STV0672 and STV0676) chipsets. Also provided is a viewer to decode the mjpeg stream.
cpim	A lightweight PIM library written in C.
cpimweb	The Complete Personal Information Manager seeks to be the best and only piece of financial and time tracking software you will need at home, work, or the enterprise. For now, it is in the very early stages of development.
cpix	A framebuffer based (console) multiple format picture viewer and manipulator which can convert between picture formats, preview, manipulate and also features a desktop mode wherein pictures can be viewed as the background on your console (not X)
cpixe	LibCPIXE is a library for simulation of Particle Induced X-ray emission spectra.
cpl04	CPL&#039;04
cplab	A collection of cognition and perception experiment software intended to be used as a teaching tool for an undergraduate lab classroom. These tools are cross-platform and written in Java.
cplayc	Originally, CPlayC is a game agent program I wrote for PrizeGame&#039;s Scud Attack. But now it also include other projects. I reserved the name &quot;cplayc&quot; to commemorate it and all pute time past with it.
cpled	CPled is a friendly and easy to use graphical editor for CPL scripts. It can be used as a standalone application or embedded in a web page as applet. It also provide CPL script transport functionalities via SIP and HTTP protocols.
cplib	cplib is a small configuration file parser library.
cplib-27-10-05	some generic libs
cplot	CPlot is a general purpose plotting library for MFC based applications. It supports XY scatter, line and histogram plots, and 2D image plots. Up to four axes and up to 10 data sets can be added per plot. Serialization is supported.
cplotter	Crispy Plotter is a function graph plotter for mathematical functions, featuring high drawing speed and an intuitive interface that is fun to use.
cplproject	Collaborative Perl Learning Projects is for new Perl developers who learn perl by coding an online game.
cplus-preter	Educational Interpreter of C++ in JAVA language
cplxcalc	This if calculator for complex numbers. It works with algebraic and trigonometrical form and has multiple memmory slots. There are many mathematical functions like sin, cos and etc.
cpm	Emulates a CP/M machine on *nix. A great tool for running CP/M applications, transferring CP/M files to modern machines, and debugging CP/M system software.
cpm-cms	A multilingual CMS in PHP with MySQL backend including easy to handle update routines. Installation powered by AMS, Phoenix PHP-Installer.
cpm2usb	USB drivers for PowerQUICCII
cpmake	CPMake.  Cross platform make utility
cpmaker	CPMaker is an example of use of the ImageMagick API, such as image composition and text annotation. This project takes pictures of buttons, joysticks, and other arcade parts and builds an image of an arcade game control panel from it.
cpmanager	The project Complex Project Manager focuses on the development of a project planing and management engine. It supports multiple projects and resource dependend calendars (official holidays, vacations). Now we build an application around it.
cpmc	Cross-platform Management Console is Windows-Linux administrative shell which provides common user interface for management. CPMC is a central place to access administrative tools. You can easily extend its functionality by creating your own snapins.
cpmp	CPMP(CrossPlatform Music Player) is a music player that&#039;s modelled on amarok.
cpms-2006	A competency profile management system that will allow staff to strut their stuff and assist resource managers to further staff professional development.
cpnet	This is a CMS that uses an innovative theme support and advanced module supporting system , it is written in ASP.NET. Its biggest Plus is the administrative section and the user permissioning system which devides the usesrs
cpnews	cp_lib is a collection of OO modules to create an API designed to ease a developer&#039;s life by having all the functionality to a certain program inside it, only needing a front end.
cpnmouse	CPNMouse allows developers to use more than one pointing device in Windows 2000/XP applications, while maintaining backward compability with old applications.
cpntstunt	Stunt, a tool to easy COM components debuging and testing.
cpnw32	Objective of this project is to develop a way to add support to SpamAssassin to make nightly mass check easily accessible to normal users (Ordinary individuals who use computers, but without any computer science background) on windows platforms.
cpo	Class Persistence Object (CPO) is a java api and utility program for Object to JDBC Mapping (OJM). Unlike ORM technologies and the java persistence api, CPO is designed to allow you to fully utilize the native sql and functionality of your database.
cpoint	CPOINt is a presentations program designed to be fast, and light. It&#039;s written ins SDL and C++, and will can also run on older computers. It uses XML as the presentations description file and pictures can be in any format SDL_Image supports.
cpol	CPOL is a high-performance policy evaluation engine intended for use as a database post-processing system. It is implemented as a C++ class that takes application-specific type parameters to specify its behavior.
cpolib	The C++ Common Persistent Objects library is a template based toolkit library for use in creating flat file streaming of objects, streaming of objects over the internet using a variety of protocols, and oodbms solutions.
cportal	CPortal - a php-based CMS based on PhpNuke - but with a glimpse ..
cpp	QuakeNet #C++
cpp-bigint	C++ class BigInt that enables the user to work with arbitrary precision integers.
cpp-experiment	Set of general-use experimental C++ classes.
cpp-ge	A C++ Game Engine. It will support OpenGL and Linux with later conversion to a Mac environment. The engine will hopefully have TCP/IP support with a dedicated server or a server/client combo.
cpp-gpengine	C++ parser engine based on the tables generated by Gold Parser Builder: www.devincook.com
cpp-icqt	icqt projects aims to develop a Jabber-transport which provides interoperability between ICQ and Jabber instant messaging systems.
cpp-object	Framework for arguments passing and for reflection in C++.
cpp-perfometer	The program enables to get performance of C/C++ program and separated pieces of code for any metrics (for instance : time, memory, metrics defined by user etc.). The measurement results are represented in detailed/summary reports. The detailed
cpp-plugin-mgr	C++ based container/plugin manager that loads plugins from libraries and starts them at runtime. By default it provides a ThreadPool, Socket classes (ServerSocket, Socket ,Multiplexor)and a minimalist HTTP Parser. Container is configured using xml.
cpp-rpg	cpp-rpg is a very simple project started with a friend to mix a little bit of every RPG we like so there will be influences of Zelda, Diablo and other great games. We&#039;re looking for artists.
cpp-sockets	The program implements a demo application which demonstrates using C++ stream-compatible sockets developed by Maciej Sobczak http://www.msobczak.com/
cpp-unit	Most C++ test frameworks are like JUnit. Unfortunately C++ lacks reflection and lots of boiler plate code is needed for JUnit style tests. This framework tries to minimize the amount of boiler plate code required for simple test. Just enjoy writing tests
cpp-utils	A top quality C++ Utility Suite that provides tools to help C++ programmers develop good and strong applications.
cpp2dia	cpp2dia is a Tcl Script that uses &quot;ctags&quot; and &quot;graphviz&quot; to parse .cpp files and generate UML diagrams for the diagram drawing tool &quot;Dia&quot;.
cpp2html	CPP-2-HTML is a DOS command-line utility that formats C++ source code into HTML pages. It uses an external Cascading Style Sheet, &quot;cpp.css&quot; so that the user may set up any formatting/coloring choices.
cppagi	C++ class for programming Asterisk AGI.
cppbuild	This program automates building of projects without requiring an IDE or makefile.
cppcalendar	cppMonitor is a program that prints monthly calendars given a year. It is written in c++ and is very small in size. Calendars are generated using a complex mathematical formula that is absolute. Leap years are correct as well by using this formula.
cppcback	Easy to use callback mechanism for C++. This is a set of templates for creating callbacks and signals (like in QT) in C++, there is no pre-processor involved.
cppcc	CppCC is an object-oriented scanner and LL(k) parser generator. It aims to replace LEX&amp;YACC for those who write C++ applications that involve parsing.
cppchan	An IRC Bot currently in early stage. Its developed in C++ and will have many features later on! Hope that someone wants to join the project!
cppclasses	C++ classes for easy use in your projects. It contains various classes (String, Vectors, Date, ...).
cppcodeprovider	This project is a code generator for C++ written in C++.
cppcommandline	This program helps parse command line options for the C++ lanuage. Comes with the ability to have multiple arguments after an option (e.g. ./myprog -o1 1 2 3 -o2 string1 string2 string3).
cppconfigurator	An extensible C++ configuration system that currently almost supports Java properties files.  Allows for listeners on configuration variables so that modification of thae variable will notify the client.  Soon to support WinRegistry.
cppdbi	C++ DBI is a universal, database-independent, cross-platform database access API for C++ programming language. It defines a uniform set of call interfaces to different database engines for C++ programs.
cppdicom	DICOM visor with full analysis tools and underlying PACS. Full local database storage of received images. Can be the centre of a small installation.
cppdistributed	The aim is to create a crossplatform application that allows to do distributed calculations in heterogenius networks. Language: C++.
cppdoc	CPPDoc is a platform independant program that parses C source code and creates HTML documentation based upon it&#039;s functions, classes, and comments.  It will use the same commenting syntax as JavaDoc does for Java.  THIS PROJECT IS CURRENTLY INACTIVE
cppdom	C++DOM is a C++ implementation of DOM Core. It is built it on top of expat (XML parser in C, by James Clark).
cppdrummer	A musically useful, intuitive graphical sequencer.
cppdtk	A suite of utilities meant for use when programming in general C/C++. It includes a stat program, an &quot;insert&quot; management program, syntax highlighter, code generators, a library of system-independent header files, and many more, just to name a f
cppdynmenu	Add a personnal menu in your systray. You can launch applications frequenly used.
cppedit	A cross platform code editor primarily intended for C++. It&#039;s goal to be editor, not an IDE. If you want something that writes your makefiles/GUI, go look at an IDE. Keywords: Syntax highlighting, spell checking, folding, word completion, keyboard d
cppeide	Project CppEIde is Windows/Linux code-generator for C/C++ language.
cppgen	This project supplies an extensible JAVA library for developers who aim to generate c/c++ code from declaratively expressed models in XML format.
cppgi	CPPGI is a C++ library for writing CGI scripts. It is written in ISO C++ with excessive use of templates. There are a few platform dependend functions, but they are all wrapped nicely. CPPGI compiles on many compilers.
cppgui	The C++ Gui Library is a C++ library for GUI creation. It is intended for creating platform-neutral applications in C++, but without mining platform-dependent extensions.
cppintegrplugin	This project enables a transparent integration of C/C++ and Java (and other languages such as C#, php...) in Eclipse. The project includes JQuantlib. sKWash makes use of swig. See home page for more info.
cppinter	Simple interpreter of C++ language, which will include: simple arythmetics operations: +,-,*,/, operations in/out, declaration of variables, dynamic memory allocation.
cppj	The CPPJ Abstraction Library is a portable C++ class library that implements the standard Java libraries as close as possible.  It focuses on client side programming needs for those already familiar with Java but not so much with C++.
cpplib	A set of cross-platform C++ classes and function useful as a foundation for larger C++-based software.  Exception classes, assertions, exception handling, logging, XML wrappers, etc..
cpplibga	C++ genetic algorithms library (solving of the NP opnimisation problems). More GA strategies, more useability, more algorithm speed.
cpplibinstall	Utility for easily configuring popular C++ libraries, such as Boost and STLSoft, with common Windows IDEs
cpplint	cpplint is a free lint for C++. It checks C++ code looking for hard to see errors while also making comments on the code&#039;s style.
cpplua	CppLua is an object oriented framework to deal with Lua objects and functions in C++. Member functions can be registered into Lua and Lua functions and tables can be used in C++ code with a very simple and intuitive syntax.
cppmatrix	A matrix (and vector) container class library for C++. The library is designed for ease of use and speed. The following is provided: simple I/O; remove/replace/insert; search/find; simple stats, common operator overloads.
cppmonitor	cppMonitor is a server monitoring program written in c++ for the Linux / Unix platform.
cppmudd	cppmudd is a small, fast and portable mud driver written entirely in C++ using either standard or widely available libraries (such as the STL). It provides, among other features, support for runtime modifications to the game, ensuring minimal downtime.
cppmudengine	This project is a complete rewrite of the CircleMUD (based on DikuMUD) game engine using C++ and lots of OOP design principles.
cppmyadmin	C++MyAdmin is a database management system which is using the MySQL C-Api and the wxWidgets libary.
cppncss	CppNcss provides various measurements (also known as metrics) by statically analyzing C++ source code, mainly aiming at evaluating maintainability.
cppnmeaparser	C++ parser for most important NMEA sentences, including GGA, RMC, GSA, and many others.
cppong	A free arcade game. Addictive and fun, it is based on an original concept inspired by Bomberman and Arkano?d. Everything is made to make it look like a demo (bump mapping, rotozooming, starfields, etc.)!
cppopengl3dfunc	This is a C++ program which includes OpenGL library glut.h. By the program you are able to draw 6 different 3D functions. Program also has OpenGL functions that provides you to rotate the graphics.
cppopt	The libcppopt library provides C++ classes and functions for option parsing, similar to the functionality provided by getopt or libpopt, but makes use of the STL and provides a &quot;best guess&quot; autoparsing function.
cpppl	An improved implementation of CPL; C++PL is to CPL what C++ is to C.
cppqed	C++QED is a framework for wave-function simulations of open interacting quantum dynamics. While extensible and applicable for simulating such dynamics in general, it has in the first place been developed for problems in cavity QED with moving particles.
cppreflect	A library to provide full reflection for C++ through template metaprogramming techniques.
cppreter	Simple interpreter of C++ language.
cppscalapack	CPPScaLapack is a C++ class wrapper for PBLAS and ScaLAPACK with MPI. CPPScaLapack provides a user-friendly interface of high-speed parallel matrix calculation with BLAS and LAPACK techonologies for programers concerning with large-scale computing.
cppschool	Small C++ programs written to show people how easy it is to just look at programs to learn how to write them.  Most of these programs don\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;t really do anything.  They are here just for examples.
cppsdk	I have been great fan of languages C/C++.  Major argument in favour of JAVA is that standarzied vast amount of library functions provided by j2sdk from SUN. I would like to build a parallel heirachy of library in C++.
cppserv	CPPSERV is an application server/servlet container providing Servlet-like API and C++ Server Pages in C++. It consists of stand-alone daemon, listening for requests from web server, and web server module. Currently Apache-2.0 and ligttpd are supported.
cppservlet	High Performance, C++ Servlet Container for Apache HTTP Server.  Extends the Apache server with a servlet module. Support for CSP compiler and HTTP Session.
cppsh	cppsh is a utility for compiling C++ program fragments into executable form, and caching and invoking the results.  It simplifies the use of C++ for shell scripting tasks.
cppsocket	CPPSocket is a small Classlibrary for C++ that supports an easy usage of socket-programming for networking-software. It provides a simple object-oriented interface to the classic C Library calls.
cppsocktemplate	The C++ Socket Templates allow a portable way to move socket implementation from system to system. It is comprised of several different template classes, including a C++ I/O stream class that works like the known std::cout and std::cin.
cppsp	The CppSP word is short for C plus plus server pages. It is designed to effective web service and make it easy and fast to develop your own cgi projects.\n  Using the CSP, you can write your C and C++ codes combined whith your html tags.
cppsqlite	Just a c++ wrapper layer for sqlite3. Make the use of sqlite3 more easier.
cppssl	A C++ implementation of the Secure Socket Layer (SSLv2/SSLv3) and Transport Layer Security (TLSv1) network protocols.
cpptcl	C++/Tcl is a library that allows easy integration between these two languages. It helps to write C++ modules that are loaded and used by Tcl applications, and also to embed Tcl interpreters in C++ applications.
cpptest	CppTest is a portable and powerful, yet simple, unit testing framework for handling automated tests in C++. The focus lies on usability and extendability. Several output formats are supported and new ones are easily added.
cpptesthome	A home for cppunit tests on a range of software projects. Including cppunit tests for a number of text book c++ examples.  Separating cppunit tests from the project code allows a test focused project to concentrate on testing only.
cpptestkit	The C++ TestKit is a suite of related modules for producing software using Test-First Development (TFD), a la eXtreme Programming (XP).
cpptk	C++/Tk is a complete C++ interface to the popular Tk GUI toolkit, known from many scripting languages. The C++/Tk library uses templates and operator overloading to achieve syntactic similarity to Tcl/Tk code.
cpptoccmt	A small utility to convert C++ comments to C comments.
cpptool	CPPRefactory is a refactoring browser for use with the C++ language. It provides the developer with refactorings that improve the structure of C++ code. For more info on refactoring see http://www.refactoring.com
cpptools	Cpptools is a set of C/C++ development tools.
cpptorrent	Based on ctorrent, this is a simple bittorrent client designed in C/C++ to be lightweight and fast.  It will function as a drop-in replacement for the python script, allowing it to be substituted as the backend for other GUI clients.
cpptreekit	A library for c++ applications, implementing a framework for building trees of various types (Common Binary, AVL, etc.). Data Structure, Tree Navigator and Node Processing are separate to provide flexibility as well as speed
cppunits	A system to allow physical units to be specified explicitly in C++ programs, providing automatic conversion and validity checking with SI(Metric), American, Imperial, conventional, and other units.
cppunittest	C++ Unit Test Framework allows developers to easily make unit tests of C++ code. Test results can include text messages and checked expression. The framework can send results to standard output, text file, and html files. Output includes summary table.
cppunix	Unix++ is a C++ layer over the Posix C APIs. Using it, you can write object-oriented and clean code for Unix systems, and avoid having to check every single return value.
cpputx	CppUtx is a unit test framework for C++ based on the article `Cpp Utx Overview` written by Robert DiFalco and some parts of CxxTest. It depends on the standard and the boost library.
cppwebframework	Framework for building web app using C++ on CppServ C++ Servlet environment. Enable support for C++ Server Pages rewrite, MVC framework, persistence, transaction, security, logging. Let C++ developer feel the beauty of Java EE Servlet, JSP, JDBC, DAO etc
cppwiki	cppwikipedia&#039;s goal is to provide a C++ framework (library) for the creation of C++ programs whose purpose is to interact with wikis.
cppxmlobj	Framework for persisting heirarchies of C++ objects to and from XML. Boost, The STL and Patterns are used extensively. All platforms which support Boost will be supported.
cpqarray	A driver for the Compaq Smart-2 PCI Disk Array family of controllers, which provides hardware RAID capability.  Please note that ALL SOURCE UPDATES ARE PROVIDED IN THE CVS REPOSITORY ONLY.
cpqfc	A driver for the Compaq/HP 64-bit/66 MHz Fibre Channel Host Bus Adapter and supports connections to Compaq&#039;s RAID Array 4000 and 4100 Storage Systems.  Please note that ALL SOURCE UPDATES ARE PROVIDED IN THE CVS REPOSITORY ONLY.
cpr	This content peer review system will maintain a record of pages that are flagged for review, and send an email to reviewers asking them to visit a page summarizing the pages that are assigned to them for review.
cprcdr	cprcdr is a command-line front-end to cdrecord/readcd/find/cdlabelgen for copying a directory to uncompressed cd with label generation, immediate verification, and online searchable catalog
cpremotecontrol	This project will allow the remote operation of a Windows based PC from any web browser.  This project will focus on making the system work even if the controlling machine must access the host system through a proxy server.
cpri	CPRI - a lib with an API in C for easy printing of reports to printer or html. Multiple platforms. Based on CGUI and Allegro.
cprime	C-Prime, or C&#039; in abbreviation, is simply an attempt to add some fun and modern features to C without sacrificing speed or power.  We intend to make &quot;down and dirty programming&quot; a &quot;more enjoyable&quot; experience.
cprobid	Protein Mass Spectrometry: cprobid is a software for identification peptides from MS/MS spectra. The output of this program is compartable with TransProteomic Pipeline software package (sashimi project).
cprof	Cprof is a profiler generating flat profiles and call graphs in single or multithreaded apps.  It was written by Andrew Lewycky while a co-op at Corel in 2000. The closing of Corel&amp;#039;s Open Source projects orphaned cprof in 2001.
cprops	the c prototyping tools library provides thread-safe linked list, priority queue, hash table, hash list, AVL tree and trie implementations, as well as a thread pool and thread management framework, a tcp and http socket api, and a dbms abstraction layer.
cps	CPS provides access to images and other content. Contrary to most image gallery applications, CPS abandons the traditional hierarchical metaphor for categorising content, and associates keywords to each image. Multiple traditional views can be generated.
cps-skite	CPS is a Windows, .NET &amp; IIS Content Management System that is specialised for courseware production, written in C# and XSLT.  It is also a general purpose CMS with a site mapping system and simple-to-use HTML templates.
cpsed	Cpsed is a Linux OpenGL 3d scene editor. The GUI is built with QT library. It allows you to position, rotate and scale each of your 3d models (3DS AutoDesk and DFF RenderWare) saving the x,y,z coords in a CSV ascii file. A camera is provided.
cpshufflesature	cpShuffleSature randomly copies files. It copies music (MP3, OGG...), pictures, or films onto portable hardware devices which serve as a filesystem (such as I-Bead, iPod, MuVo, Archos...). It does no over- nor under-copy any file and has numerous options
cpskp	Processes adopted to share academic knowledge are inefficient because they are publication-centered and lack a high-level knowledge definition. CPSKP offers a problem-centered framework for managing knowledge associated with Computational Problem Solving
cpsl	Cross-Platform System Library is a portable C++ run-time library that provides support for manipulating system resources, such as thread, process, mutex, and synchronize, in Win32 and POSIX(UNIX, Linux, Mac OS X) platforms.
cpsm	CPSM is a CORBA based performance and system management framework. It is based on the MICO CORBA ORB.
cpsmon	Process Monitor uses web interface to view system active process and its resource usage. Support multiple host process monitoring. This to allow developer view their active process and Administrator keep tab on system performances.
cpsolver	Local-search based solver of Constraint Satisfaction and Optimization Problems.
cpstools	CPS Tools is a collection of many tools I&#039;ve developed along last years. There&#039;s a Program Editor, a BackUp tool and so on...
cptbasic	Basic Library for Portable Data Terminal (CPT) CipherLAB type CPT711 CPT8000 CPT8300 CPT8350
cptengine	A game engine that will be created to make a snes Zelda Clone. It will be made using OpenGL and SDL. Will be writen in C++ and will help me learn vector math etc.
cptools	The general purpose of this library is to have some useful and handy tools to develop quick and easy robust C++ code. The main focus of the library is to implement general development features which are available under Unix, Linux and Windows.
cptty	A small tool for transmit files over serial.
cpu	CPU is meant to be a swiss army knife for administrators who are currently using or wanting to use an LDAP backend for user authentication. This project allows for easy user administration of LDAP users and allows for user and group mods, deletes and add
cpu-ghz	This Is A Small Little App I Wrote In Java That Can Calculate CPU Ghz off of the FSB Multiplier and Company(Intended For Overclockers)!
cpu-rm	The CPU RightMark suite is meant for objective measurement of performance of modern and future processors in different computational tasks such as numerical modeling of physical processes and solving of 3D graphic problems.
cpu-usage-log	This program provides a means for developers and software testers to monitor and log CPU usage (utilization) for any period of time. The optionally produced log file is tab delimited and easily importable into MS Excel for further trending and analysis.
cpuclan	The XBB (xtrem Bulletin Board) is a Board wich is built on PHP4 and MySQL 3. Great featchers are the Templatescripting and the group managetman.
cpucycle	This project provides a Linux 2.6 kernel patch that creates the /dev/cpucycle devices that makes it possible from userspace to measure the CPU-consumption (in CPU clock ticks!) in a scheduler aware fashion.
cpufreqd	A small daemon to adjust cpu speed and voltage (and not only) for kernels using any of the cpufreq drivers available. The CpuFreq Linux kernel capability is available in all recent kernels.
cpufreqexact	This is a governor for the CPUFREQ subsystem of the Linux Kernel. Its purpose its to emulate a given cpu frequency based on a set of possible frequencies supported by the processor
cpuid	Using CPUID instruction to detect CPU informations.
cpuidle	cpuidle - Do nothing, in clean and efficient way\nAn in kernel infrastructure providing architecture independent interface to manage low power idle states.
cpuinformer	CPU Informer - CPU recognition program. A very useful tool for CPU detection. It recognizez all types of x86 CPU&#039;s including new Intel and AMD Dual Core CPUs. Also CPU Informer can work with most popular LPC SuperIO sensors.
cpulimit	cpulimit is a per-process cpu usage limiter (expressed in percentage, not in cpu time). This is useful to control batch jobs, when you don&#039;t want they eat too much cpu. It is able to adapt itself to the overall system load, dynamically and quickly.
cpuptodate	a micro processor 16 bits optimized to hold in a CPLD
cpurentools	Custom scripts and other tools for C&amp;C Renegage. Includes Multi-Scripts Loader as well as the home of CPU Killer&#039;s Scripts (scripts_cpu.dll)
cpuse	CPU Scheduler Evaluation (CPUSE) Patches to Linux and supporting software tools for controlling scheduling parameters and analysing and/or displaying scheduling statistics.
cputemp	CPUtemp is a Gnome applet that displays current CPU temperature in the tray. It is written in Perl using perl-Gtk2 bindings. It uses /sys kernel interface to read temperature sensor data.
cpuvec	CPU VectorSpace is a search engine which uses &quot;vector-space&quot; algorithms to achieve high performance in the searching of large text collections. The vector-space algorithms are implemented in C, which is wrapped via JNI into a Java network serve
cpuxmark	Project LX is the codename for HWLogic.com?s upcoming open source system benchmark. Project LX will be a highly compatible benchmark suite which will allow users to benchmark nearly every aspect of their system.
cpvs	A content, asset and process management tool (web-based) to help create animated productions and handle Creative Commons licensing details in a fully transparent and user-friendly way.
cpw	A wiki which is reprogrammable by its community. Allows the wiki community to collaboratively edit the wiki source code in a similar way to how they write the textual content.
cpx	&quot;Complex&quot; is a simple object oriented language with some functional aspects. In a short, the list/pairs are replaced by objects. The objects have a defined behaviour, which corresponds to what should happen if they are evaluated.
cpy	cpy (short for &quot;CyberPublishing, pYthon edition&quot;) is a simple - but powerful - web publishing framework based on a template mechanism and Wiki-like editing and linking modes. Edit all your stuff &quot;on the web&quot;!
cpyxml-repos	The software provides a repository-based, bidirectionals converter between COBOL copybooks and xml to be used by applications. Thiss is a convenient tool to handle the transformation hazzle encountered during transformation matters between COBOL and Java
cq-ant-tasks	A ClearQuest Perl Web Service and a set of ClearQuest Ant Tasks which allow Ant builds to update ClearQuest records.
cqcalculator	This is a calculator for Custom Queuing bandwidth management in Cisco routers. You need to use Microsoft Excel for use it.
cqe	Complex Query Engine (CQE) is a Python program that allows one to query EnsMart databases using complex boolean queries. One may add local data sources via a plugin mechanism.
cqinet	Voice over IP (VoIP) software specifically for ham radio operators.  The primary purpose is to use the Internet to link Ham repeaters. Another purpose is to provide remote access for users. Compatibility with IRLP, iLink, and EchoLink is a goal.
cqs	Conquer-Space.net is a browser-based online massively multiplayer space build-up strategy and exploration game. Written in 100% Java, it features a built-in webserver and database. It started in mid-2001 and went Open-Source in late 2004. And it works!
cqual	CQual - A tool for adding type qualifiers to C
cquery	cquery, A clone of equery(The Portage tool), Written in C/C++. cquery is inherently fast and provides lot more information.
cquicktemplate	CQT is acronym for CQuickTemplate. This is a class for template based dynamic generated pages. Totally rewritten from Scratch. Old name was CTemplate.
cqviewer	CQViewer is viewer of the clear quest content. Application based on parse of HTML page and displaying in UI. \nThe following actions is availabled: \n- stores information to a cache (xml, db)\n- works offline\n- creates excel reports\n- etc.
cr-alf	iptables and firewall-1 Log Analyzer
cr-scheduler	A Java application used to assist in the scheduling of classrooms.  Intended for colleges to avoid conflicts when scheduling courses and professors into classrooms using particular timeslots.
cra	A modular mIRC script designed for IRCops and Admins of ConferenceRoom Servers/Networks.  You can pick and choose the sections of the script you wish to load or unload and have only what you want!  IRCop or Admin is not required.
crab	Crab is a sample application that use Web Services developed with Apache Axis. Web services are invoked both through a web browser (using Apache Struts) and through a cellular phone (using a client developed with J2ME)
crabbypanel	CrabbyPanel is a lightweight and simple GTK2 panel program, intended to mimic (to a certain extent) the look and feel of the panel in fluxbox.  CrabbyPanel is NET_WM and ICCCM compliant.
crabemu	CrabEmu is an video game console emulator for MacOS X. Currently, Sega Master System is the only emulated platform, however other consoles are planned for future releases.
crablfs	crablfs: User Based Package Management System, Every package and its files belong to a system normal user, and a batch script to rebuild &amp; migrate your personalized LFS/BLFS system by install all your packages automaitically all at once.
crabmail	CrabMail is a very simple database driven E-mail system with no support for POP3 or IMAP connection. It uses the MySQL database and is completly browser-based. It features an Admin control area and is custimaizable but does not use real E-mail addresses.
cracar	CraCar is a 3D race game with tuning and crashing elements. It is a combination of arcade driving behaviour and like real simulated crashs. With real and imaginary fast cars.
crackberry	CrackBerry aims to port Qtopia and applications to RIM Java based handhelds.
crackerjack	This project aims to provide a linux kernel regression test framework which will provide a systematic way to find a regression of the Linux Kernel.
crackerjax	CrackerJax is an open source API for developing Ajax enabled web applications.  It provides a clean way to implement web applications that provide crisp think-client like functionalities utilizing the magic of JavaScript and XML.
crackleback	Crackleback is a Java servlet framework for back-office business systems. Its goal is to address 90% of a system&#039;s function points, to cut development costs by 90%, and to permit the business analyst--not the programmer--to build 90% of the system.
cracklib	Next generation version of libCrack password checking library
cracklib-ruby	Ruby interface to libcrack
crackpotscheme	Crackpot Scheme is scheme interpreter, written in Java, that strives to be R5RS complete. An extremely simple interface to Java is provided to ensure the continued consumation of this unholy marriage.
cracksql	CrackSQL is a platform independent database frontend written with Perl and Tk and is designed to allow access to as many databases as possble, editing/mangaging tables, stored procedues, etc...  Also features pluggable moduls for object interaction.
crackxl	crackXL is a utility to recover passwords in Microsoft Excel.
craft	A clone of the famous game StarCraft for Windows by Bl*zzard. It uses SDL to be OS independent. Our aim is to provide an extremely customizable multiplayer game. Everybody will be able to invent new races, new terrains and most of the other components.
craftcharacter	This project is aimed at creating a character generator using the Revised System Reference Document provided by Wizards of the Coast.
craftmachine	The Craft Machine is a small PHP program to help craft show organizers accept applications over the internet. The program can handle more than one show at a time, allowing the installation to be shared among multiple groups.
crafty	Using Java servlets and the Tea template language, Crafty Scrapbook is a scalable tool that dynamically generates web pages to display photographs, movies, and other digital content.  Crafty makes it easy to manage thousands of content items.
craftycrafter	Crafty is a network tool for crafting IP packets for use in vulnerability detection and network analysis.
craigslistwatch	The Craig&#039;s List Watcher Program generates info on every software job listed (on Craig&#039;s List) in a given area, or for all areas in the U.S. and Canada.
craigwebmail	Craigweb Webmail is a small, efficient POP3 webmail program. It is written in PHP. It is very easy to install (only requires one line to be changed). This script was original titled Nameko, Craigweb modified and redone parts of this script.
craiss	CRAISS is a Web application framework that provides application, user, session and application request management in a fast convenient way. Coding is a MUST for frontends, however, the base application is CRAISS.
cram	CRAM is a system to rotate content. It supports multiple rotation schedules and has a full web based interface. It has been designed for minimal server resource usage. See the homepage for more details.
cramaker	This small tool is usefull to build up activity reports. It provides the manager a way to output an activity report from users sumbissions, and also provides users a way to track their activities over time.
cramfs	cramfs is a Linux filesystem designed to be simple, small, and to compress things well.  It is used on a number of embedded systems and small devices.
cranberry-fmwk	Cranberry is an Open Source framework for PHP applications. It is a  loosely coupled set of classes that implement the Model-View-Controller (MVC) pattern. When using Cranberry, web developers can focus on the  business logic of the application.
crank	A project to provide a GUI toolkit to facilitate (and where possible, automate) the breaking of classical (pen-and-paper) cryptosystems. Initial focus is on the cryptanalysis of monoalphabetic substitution ciphers.
cranks	CRANKS is an Java application that uses the Swing toolkit to provide an interactive environment for the animation and kinematic synthesis of four-bar mechanisms created through a series of geometrical constructions.
crap	The Pattern Recognition Analysis Project is a Java implementation of a basic multilayered backpropagation neural network, used in a color recognition and character recognition project, made for educational and experimental purposes.
crapedit	A small, simple text editor built with C#
crapi	CRaPI - Correct, Robust and Perfect API for simulated RoboCup - is a framework for development of teams in the RoboCup simulated league. The framework is event driven, not bound to any specific agent architecture and works with soccer server 9.x
craposblackdawg	Crap Os Codename &quot;BlackDawg&quot; is the successor of Crap Os X2. Crap Os BlackDawg will feature Actionscript 2.0. PLEASE NOTE: Crap Os 2008 is not the final name. Final name suggestions are welcome!
craposx2	Crap Os X2 is a fake OS simulator based on Flash&#039;s ActionScript 1.0 programming. Macintosh and Windows projector&#039;s are available. Linux Projectors are coming soon. The project&#039;s first stable version is slated for completion in Febuary 2007
crappscan	CrappScan is a free web application vulnerability scanner.
craptacular	Craptacular is a set of mobile applicatiops, written for MIDP 2.0.  We will try to make it work on as many devices as possible, bu the intent is will be able to take advantage of current mobile apis.
cras	To provide a basic framework API for java to speed up the development of interface independant applications, initially designed to provide an applications framework for a location consisting of some grapical browsers, and some telnet-only machines.
crashboard	Simple message board, wrote in PHP, with common features such as: posting, reply (with quote), user registration, user removal, topic/category add/removal, skinnable interface.
crashecho	FTN echomail tosser for a node.
crashingsky	Crashing Sky is a new computing environment.
crashmail	a webmail, included a option to send to a cel the number of new messages on the server via sms, coded in php4.
crashpoint	&quot;CrashPoint - The experiment failed&quot; is a mix of the &quot;Worms&quot; game and realtime-action (like Quake), but in 2D. So it is a little bit like &quot;Liero&quot;. The game is written in Delphi and for Win32 platforms.
crasm	CRASM is a portable cross-assembler for 6800/6801/6803/6502/65C02/Z80.
cratered	Cratered is a team-based multi-player game for Windows. It merges the best elements of real-time strategy and team-based first person shooters. Two teams battle for tactical supremacy and control on an icy water world.
cratermatic	command line image/2D dataset analysis environment
craters	Hexagon is a board game for 2 players (1 player can play against the computer) with internet support.  The object is to own the most cells on the game board.  Combines luck with strategy to achieve this.
cravat	Cravat is a program for volunteer rescue squads or any Emergency Medical Service to maintain a squad-related database. Postgres or MySQL is used as a backend database. It is extensible through plug-in modules.
craw	Craw is a modular and dynamic IRC bot for Mac OS X/Darwin using CoreFoundation. It&#039;s still under development.
crawdad	Crawdad generates HTML from a DOM-like, in-memory tree.  Python programs build trees by adding nodes that represent tagged elements. Crawdad can generate static HTML pages or dynamic HTML pages responding to CGI requests.
crawl-it	This program is a PHP written Script, that scans/crawls for files on FTPs in a network or over the internet. Visitors can add FTPs and search for files via a webpage. FTPs are checked for status, when they are added. MySQL is used to store file infos.
crawl-ref	Dungeon Crawl Reference is based on Linley&#039;s Dungeon Crawl.  The intent of the project is to provide a &quot;reference&quot; platform whose priorities are maximum portability and rapid integration of bug fixes from other Linley&#039;s Dungeon Crawl 
crawl5	This is a rewrite of Linley Henzell&#039;s game Crawl in C++. Crawl is a rogue-like similar to games like Moria, Angband, and NetHack.
crawlbyexample	Crawl-By-Example runs a crawl, which classifies the processed pages by subjects and finds the best pages according to examples provided by the operator. Crawl-By-Example is a plugin to the Heritrix crawler, and was done as a part of GSoC06 program.
crawler	The goal is to write a search engine similar to a web search engine that primarily provides search over a local file system.
crawlpaper	WallPaper (alias crawlpaper) is a desktop changer (not a screensaver) which includes a crawler for web download, a streamripper, an audio player, an mp3 tag editor, a picture browser, a thumbnails generator, a wrapper for Berkeley DB, etc. Want more ?
crayon	Crayon is an educational webbased community portal, made for students, by students. Crayon is inspired by Blackboard and others like Campus Cruiser and aims to be even easier to work with and safer.
crayzedsgui	Crazy Eddie&#039;s GUI System is a free library providing windowing and widgets for graphics APIs / engines where such functionality is not natively available, or severly lacking. The library is object orientated, written in C++, and aimed at game develo
crazy	Small library called gamELibrary, a game called &quot;Crazy Hendehoh&quot; and a program to create levels for the game. The game is a very strange parody.
crazycar	Embedded uC software for a CrazyCar (see crazycar.fhbb.ch). This project generates code for various microcontrollers e.g. 8051, AVR, Fujitsu.
crazycars	CrazyCars is a 3d real-time car simulation game in witch the player controls a car versus an IA or Human oponent. Playability wins over simulation in his desing.
crazycarscontro	Crazy Cars Battery manager Use ParPort LIB to send and recive signals, manage battery status. 7.2 v, in a vending RC Car site.
crazyfree	The proeject purpose is to enhance Themes, Templates, Skins and designs of any sort of download manager/database/engine.
crazygalaxy42	This is a student project for a video game. It is called Crazy Galaxy. Its a race game which takes place in the future. Players must reach their aim on time. They can use all kinds of vehicles, especially funny racecrafts.
crazyircd	CrazyIRCd is an ircd aimed to use MySQL and run on most all platforms.
crazylights	A Art Design tool like flash,Can play in web,Can edit by artist,Can write script,but it&#039;s 3D.
crazynet	Servidor de IRC de irc-crazynet.org, es el ircd basado en p10 que permite algunos servicios extra en modos, comandos y seguridad. Encriptación de ips, sistema de base de datos distribuida entre otras features.
crazypoker	A network poker game which let users play Hold&#039;em No Limit together
crazysoftos	CrazySoft OS - is a OS writed in Assembler language
crazysue	This is a remake of the old Amiga PD game Crazy Sue, with all new graphics, levels, monsters and a level editor. There&#039;s also a mode which lets you play the original game.
crb	Cascading resources project which provides internationalization (i18n) support the way Java should have from the beginning.  Allows developers to divide their resource bundles by module and content type, as well as providing &quot;overriding behaviour&qu
crblog	The Chromium weblog project is an Open-Source Blog/CMS developed in ASP.NET &amp; C#. Focus of the project is a easy simple end-user experience, with extensibility for advanced users.
crc-oms	A software package to aid in the management of a Co-operative Research Centre (CRC), a type of public-private entity created through federal legislation in Australia.
crc32	Crc32 is a Visual Basic 6 project using the crc32 algorithm.\nIt consists of:\n* a console user interface (a native console application)\n* a graphical user interface (a html-xml-javascript generated interface using the webbrowser control)
crc32dotnet	Crc32.NET is a command line tool written in C# which can verify the CRC32 of a file or set of files, comparing the calculated value against the value stored in the file name (if any).  It can also add, remove, or update CRC32 values in a file name.
crc32sum	Command-line UNIX CRC32 checksum calculator.
crc32xlib	CRC32 Manipulation Library
crc64	(Production / Stable) Command line tool to compute the 64 bit CRC of one or more files.
crcaventura	Aventura Gr&amp;aacute;fica con escenario en Cercedilla
crchart	The goal of the A.I.G. project is to create a &quot;front end&quot; script that will custom build chart generation code for any environment based on user input.
crcmod	Python module for creating functions computing the Cyclic Redundancy Check (CRC).  Any generating polynomial producing 8, 16, 32, or 64 bit CRCs is allowed.  Generated functions can be used in Python or C/C++ source code can be generated.
crcontrol	The CD-Rom Control is an X Window control panel which eases the use of the cd-rom drive. It allows you to mount, eject/umount, the cd-rom drive at the click of a button.Other features include autostart and cd status checking.
crcrepair	crcRepair is a utility that is able to fix corrupt files by consulting a database and file mirrors. It is written in pure Java, so it can be used on all platforms with the Java JRE installed.
crctcl	crc.tcl, a full featured TCL script for the IRC (Internet Relay Chat) client XiRCON.
cre	Corewars Redcode Evolver, or CRE, is a program for generating Redcode warriors by use of a genetic algorithm (GA). It is intended for use by Corewars players, or people in research fields who wish to learn about GAs by evolving redcode warriors.
cread	Open source framework of standards and tools for regulatory sequence analysis.
creader	Comic reader is a comic book reader written in Python. Its meant to run on linux and browse through image archives in ZIP or RAR format. The program extracts the pages in sequence and displays them using an internal viewer or an external program.
creagame	This is an UpLink like game based on the idea of InterRed. Developped under Java, using Eclipse, it&#039;s a modular game.
cream	Cream is a free, easy-to-use configuration of the famous Vim text editor for Microsoft Windows, GNU/Linux, and FreeBSD. It uses common menus, standard keyboard shortcuts, and has extensive editing functions for the beginner and expert alike.
cream-crm	A multilingual customer relationship management (CRM) system for media organizations that features powerful modules for sales automation, customer service, incoming and outgoing email, template-based HTML newsletters, and a WYSIWYG editor.
cream2	CREAM - Component-based Real-time Embedded Analysable Middleware or Creative Middleware. The purpose of this software is allow the building of reusable software that has a small footprint, is analyzable and provides good performance.
creamchat	multichannel chatsystem using DOM and AJAX in the background to update the page dynamicly. Combines forum and chat features for a whole new experience, post texts in different styles/fonts/colors/sizes aswell as pictures directly into the chat channel.
creammonkey	Creammonkey is an InputManager extension, that intends to emulate Greasemonkeys custom JavaScript functionality for Safari.
creasito	Content management e-commerce web based written in php mysql using Flash templates.Portale E-commerce con amministrazione Contabilità (fatturazione, gestione banche controllo pagamenti fornitori magazzino contabilita) pagine flash personalizzabili.
create-gedcom	createGedcom is an easy-to-use Java library for creating Gedcom files. It allows developers to import data from non-Gedcom sources into Gedcom 6.0 xml format. Stylesheets are provided to convert from Gedcom 6.0 xml to Gedcom 5.5 text format.
create-info	This site is a repository for software development for the iRobot Create.
createaccount	Perlscript that creates (almost ;-) automatic SSH-Accounts from a List of users on Linux/FreeBSD/SunOS Machines.
createadmin	CreateAdministration (short: CrA) is a PHP-project, which creates an administration for your website. &lt;br&gt;It&#039;s available in English and in German, and it&#039;s a very useful tool for editing your website.
createlist-db	Ideal for the printing industry, for creating labels for boxes. Parses customer&#039;s address lists into appropriate fields; to allow easy importation into relevant BOL/Shipping software.
createoi	C# Framework that implements the iRobot Create OI specification. Also included is a basic diagnostic app that uses the framework. I invite you to use the app as both a tool &amp; an example to experiment with programming using the C# Open Interface.
createstorm	C# Framework that automates common tasks when combining the iRobot Create with the Lego Mindstorms NXT. This framework makes use of the MindSqualls API &amp; the CreateOI Framework. (both written in C#) This project is currently in the planning stage.
creatext	CreaText is a HTML text editor for Mac written in REALbasic.
creativecms	CreativeCMS is the project to make a &quot;light and easy&quot; content management system in PHP, without using MySql database. The final product of CreativeCMS project must be so simply done to be used by web developers and by standard users.
creativepccam	A simple commandline tool for downloading pictures, sound and movies from the Creative PC-CAM.
creativepress	CreativePress is a highly configurable and adaptable framework that provides all of the core functionality required to build any form of web application.  The developer has full control over every stage of the application.
creativevotesys	A Creative Vote System Using Jsp By LeoKing Group
creativewiki	This project aims to construct a different and custom website, based on Wiki to deliver and create content based on the Creative Commons License.
creativixdb	CreativixDB is a new database format based on the growing internet standard xml. within that, this project contains an sql interface for this database written for php, .net programs, office and java. the main great target is to create a groupware solutio
creatorthumb	JPG and JPEG file thumb creator
creature	ODDSaur is a project that aims to create a living, breathing dinosaur that exhibits different behaviour on a PC. ODDSaur is based on OpenGL and demonstrates realtime perpixel bump-mapping as well as software vertex-blending.
creatures	&quot;Creatures&quot; is a 3D game where you are an alien entrapenuer who captures a type of furry woodland creature (currently en vogue) to sell at his exclusive fashion pet store. The game is being constructed with Ogre3D, an open source game engine.
creavity	Academic research paper with sample programs and code illustrating the development, goals, and future of Artificial Creativity.
crece	crece is an Open Source e-learning platform. The project aims to provide a complete, customizable platform for managing students, teachers, and courses built from themes and tests. The whole application is J2EE based.
cred	Type in Russian and/or Arabic using any Latin keyboard and simple, easy transliteration system based on phonetic approximation.
credcompiler	The CredentialCompiler suite compiles the site credentials in grid environments from several LDAP databases. It is possible to feed the credentials in both UNICORE- and Globus-based systems, based on site-specific rules.
credence	Credence is a decentralized system for identifying spam and decoy files in peer-to-peer networks. Credence is a complete Gnutella client, built on LimeWire, that lets you vote on objects and filters junk files from your search results.
creditapp	The application is a module based online credit application that can be configured to the standards of mortgage brokers, loan brokers, and credit card companies to capture information relevant to standard forms currently used by the industry.
creditpool	Credit Pool is a web-based online money transaction database.  Its purpose is to be used among groups of friends or coworkers to track debts and credits, and optimize these debts among the group.
credits	Credits is a module that extends the functionality and features of XOOPS, a modular CMS. Credits alows for controled display of a web sites credits (e.g. Webmasters, Moderators, etc.).
creditsec	The CreditSec project will create open standards and implementations, incorporating existing financial standards, for financial instruments based on digital credentials and other cryptographic technologies.
credo	A project to develop a single point of configuration and administration for user management on Unix systems, independent of the protocols actually used.
creem	Customer Relation Management (CRM) Software that is freely available and able to run on the JBoss J2EE platform.  Initial features similar to the Anteil project.
creen	ANSI C reengineering tool
creepage	Creepage is a Worms-like multiplayer 2D arcade game for Windows and Linux. For a reference take a look at Liero or its  Linux clone NiL, which is also hosted on SourceForge.
creeps	Software of Sharing of Content (Texts, Áudios, Images and Videos) based in emergent system bottom-up (without control centered and auto-organized of low for top).  Each user can be a publisher and the system detaches the contents with feedback better.
crengine	CoolReader Engine is fast and small cross-platform XML/CSS visualization library for writing E-Book readers for desktops as well as for handheld devices.
creo	A web based, Massively multiplayer, nation simulation game coded entirely in Java. Includes: diplomacy, economics, and an enorumus geo-political simulation.
creole	Creole is a set of PHP classes that provide a database abstraction layer modeled on JDBC.  Built for PHP5, Creole is designed to provide a clean, fast, and fully object-oriented db access solution ideal for medium to large-scale PHP projects.
creovel	The goal of the Creovel project is to encourage rapid application development. Based on the &quot;Rails&quot; approach, a variation of the classic MVC design paradigm, a &quot;model&quot; manages business logic execution, the presentation logic resides i
crescend	Crescendo is a media center and application launchpad written in C# on the 2.0 Framework. It leverages both Windows Presentation Foundation and the Composite UI App Block. It&#039;s extensible and is comprised of modules like Media, Slideshow and AppLaun
crescendo	Crescendo is a web application tool to access data from different data sources like databases, spreadsheets, xml, flat files which are in tabular format. It is basically an unifying interface for all data sources.
crescent	PHP based scalable, modular content management system.
crescmp	The Crescendo Music Player is aimed at providing a complete customizable media player for use on the Linux Operating System.
crestron-slimp	Crestron module to control Slim Device&#039;s Squeezebox 2 &amp; 3 via TCP/IP connection to a slimserver.  Module written in SIMPL+ (Crestron proprietary language) with VTPro-e project for touchpanel graphics.  Module emulates remote control.
cretinoid	A multi-user based system for cataloging your comic book collection.
creuse	CReuse is an application programmer interface (API) containing reusable classes and functions. These classes and functions can be used to develop clients and servers, process files and directories, perform logging and thread programming.
creuvux	Private Peer to Peer using certificate and secure connexion with OpenSSL API.
crexport	Crystal Report Exporter is a 32-bit command line tool able to export Crystal Reports in various file formats.
crf	CRF is a Java implementation of Conditional Random Fields, an algorithm for learning from labeled sequences of examples.  It also includes an implementation of Maximum Entropy learning.
crfchunker	CRFChunker: Conditional Random Fields Phrase Chunker (Phrase Chunking Tool) for English. The model was trained on sections 01..24 of WSJ corpus and using section 00 as the development test set (F1-score of 95.77). Chunking speed: 700 sentences/s
crfh	This project aims to create a searchable archive (for several OSes) for the popular webcomic College Roomies From Hell!!!, located at http://www.crfh.net. The final code can hopefully be modified to help other webcomics and similar projects.
crfile	With crfile you can generate files of a specified length filled with random bytes. These files can be used to test software e.g. a network protocol.
crftagger	CRFTagger: Conditional Random Fields Part-of-Speech (POS) Tagger for English. The model was trained on sections 01..24 of WSJ corpus and using section 00 as the development test set (accuracy of 97.00%). Tagging speed: 500 sentences/s.
crg1k	A simple car race card game based on a classic game. Server and client. Multiplatform. Language: python.
crget	crget is a command-line utility for retrieving data from Campbell Scientific (http://www.campbellsci.com/) dataloggers, namely the CR10X.
cria	Full-featured lightweight IRC client.
criaexperimento	CriaExperimento is a PHP written software for speech sciences to create online experiments. The inputs are sound and text files. It writes a complete webpage in PHP and prepares the form for collecting resulting data in the MySQL database.
criawips	criawips shall become a presentation program for the GNOME Office Suite similar to PowerPoint (MS-Office) and OpenImpress (OpenOffice.org)
cribbage	Java based Cribbage!  Classic card game comes to life in Java.
cricetus	A PHP application to search for matching strings in log files. It was mainly designed for usage in a syslog server environment with big log files, where you cannot log to databases due to the size, but to plain text files which will be searched.
cricket	Cricket is a high performance, extremely flexible system for monitoring trends in time-series data. Cricket was expressly developed to help network managers visualize and understand the traffic on their networks, but it can be used all kinds of other job
cricketcage	Cricket Cage automatically creates JUnit TestCases for repeatable bugs and test scenarios. Include Cricket Cage&#039;s AspectJ code to install a code generator, then run the program to generate the TestCase. Finally, add the test case to your build.xml.
cricketdb	CricketDB is a program to maintain a database of cricket scores
cricketscore	CricketScore refers to the creation of a new piece of software to replace the established system of Cricket Scorebooks when scoring the game of cricket.
cricketstat-sql	An SQL-compliant database schema to store cricket (the sport) data such as player details, venue details and match scores by over and delivery. It is intended to be used as a backend for cricket statistics applications.
crickscorz	CrickScorZ allows to record scores of cricket game ball by ball with comments. The recorded scores can be stored in XML format that can be exported to other cricket statistics software.
cricontest	Software for First Aid Competition.Manage skill counting, account, scene develop
cricstat	Code to store and analyze cricket statistics
cridmanager	CridManager 2.0 is starting. We need your help. Have a look at http://www.open7x0.org/wiki/CridManager_2.0 Administration tool for recordings of the Siemens set top boxes M740AV, M750S, M750C and alike. Verwaltungsprogramm für Aufnahmen der Siemens Giga
crikey	Crikey! is a Cocoa IRC Client for Mac OS X
crime	CRIME! will be a game where you play a criminal, running through a big city, having many kinds of weapons. If you kill people, the police will come to catch you. You have to fulfill many objectives to get better weapens, fight agains others ( maybe over 
crimefighter	CrimeFighter is the website of a gta-like browser game with rpg and multiplayer parts. Moreover you can see yourself running around in the city in realtime. Never seen such a online game? Just visit http://www.crimefighter.de
crimemap	Map of neighborhood criminal activity.
crimild	Crimild Engine is an open source scene graph based engine which purpose is to fulfil the high-performance requirements of typical multi-platform two and tridimensional multimedia projects, like games, simulations and virtual reality.
criminalsdebug	Debug criminals we debug the criminals rpg game and adding some extra stuff to the game
crimp	Crimp is a fully customisable website engine which can take content from anywhere that you can think of. Web content can be grabbed from anywhere and manipulated with modules before returning the results to the users browser or internet capable device.
crimson2	Crimson is a dynamic, mostly-functional, object-oriented programming language. Crimson is designed to allow for efficient compilation, component oriented development, and expressiveness.
crimsonmaths	Copy of a part of a game called Crimson Land. In it, a man stands in the middle and you must type in progressively harder words in order to stop him being eaten by the zombies.
crimsonspace	Crimson space is a Space Combat/Trader in the veins of Frontier: Elite2, and Frontier: First encounters, with engine that can generate an entire gaming universe from a single seed number.
crimsonufx	A &quot;Universal&quot; port of the open source &quot;Crimson FX&quot; program to Tiger.  Crimson UFX can be used to add lightsaber effects to videos.
criotabela	CrioTabela is a framework based on MVC 2 to easy development of table based web applications. A Table based application stands for a web aplication wich display tables with numbers, values and text like web based reports.
crisis	Constrained rigid body dynamics simulator, a robust, technologically advanced, fast and maintainable physics engine.
crisisgrid	The CrisisGrid project develops Web Service compatible Geographical Information System services.  We research problems in integrating both archival and real-time mapping, data, and information services with geophysical and geographical applications.
crisoftricette	Crisoftricette is a PHP application to store a personal cooking recipe database. It needs PHP4, MySQL database, a PHP-aware webserver and a web browser. This application supports full internationalization even for right-to-left languages.
crisp	A PHP4/MySQL-based content management system which emphasises freedom at the front-end and flexibility and extensibility at the back-end.
crispy	It is a lightweight API to invoke web services (RMI, CORBA, WebService (SOAP), XML-RPC, EJB, Hessian, Burlap, REST, ...), how simple Java Object calls. You can integrate Crispy in a Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) or in a Rich Client Platform (RCP).
crisscross	A light-weight cross platform C++ library for threading, I/O, CPU identification (CPUID), and sockets (TCP and UDP).
cristalinux	Cristalinux es una distribucion minimal para i386 pensada para ser utilizada desde un lapiz usb.
critenirc	This project will be used to create a new ircd for the Criten IRC Network to meet the demands of the network and to add the features that are not currently available on 1 single ircd.
critical-care	A fast paced game where hospitals have privatized many of their services, and ambulance drivers are forced to compete with each other for patients.
criticalmass	SDL/OpenGL space shoot&#039;em up game
criticalsupply	Critical Supply is an action / racing / role-playing game where you play the driver of a supply hover craft on Earth 150 years in the future. Your purpose is to help lead a resistance movement in the war effort against a global dictatorship.
critline	This is the development and bug tracking for Critline. For download and product information go to http://ui.worldofwar.net/ui.php?id=849
critter	To facilitate rapid ecommerce,intranet, and corporate website features into a postnuke framework - these will hopefully be moved into postnuke core
crittrz	CRITTRZ is a population simulation construction kit, written in the Python language.  It supports modelling of demographic, social, genetic and infectious diseases processes in animal populations divided by space and social groupings.
crizscheduler	Schedule the execution of any file,Set alarms or Reminders,Schedule system events such as ShutDown,Restart,Logoff etc using this small application that resides on your system tray. Its Very small and handy for low memory users.It requires no runtime libs
crk	A research tool for synthetic chemists - archival, presentation, molecular modelling, ab initio computation.
crl-maint	Scripts to maintain local copies of CRLs
crlove	Online psychological-test-based friend-making system.
crm-ctt	CRM-CTT is to be used for tracking tickets, requirements, complaints, etc. It is suitable for any department in which something comes in, must be handled and goes out using workflows. It creates Excel sheets, invoices, custom reports, and more.
crm114	CRM114 is a Controllable Regex Mutilator and filter.  It provides arbitrary stream filtering for antispam, adkiller proxies, syslog monitoring, etc. CRM114 has a structured, easily understood way to express regex-based filters, and a learn-by-example mod
crmagic	Enterprise CRM solution built using Enterprise Java Beans (EJB), Java servlets and XML/XSLT.
crmapp	This project is about maintaining customer information and tracking their orders.
crmasp	Open Source Connector for Sync4J Mobile Application Server and Microsoft Outlook
crmcms	CCC is a Content managment system for a Customer relationship management application.  packaged with Smarty. installs as a complete CRM.
crml	CRML - Conflict Resolution Markup Language - http://www.equiforum.org  - is an open source innitiative to develop an XML based Semantic Web ontology (RDF, OWL) for researchers interested in peace to create a standard way of collecting and sharing informa
crmme	CRMME processes mail from maildirs or mbox (UNIX-style mailboxes) into categories.  As CRM114 Made Easy, it performs a superset of Bayesian filtering.  Procmail, Python, and cron are required.
crmnxt	Customer Relationship Management (CRM) is a methodology used to learn about customer&#039;s needs and behaviors in order to develop stronger relationships with them. CRM helps businesses use technology to gain insight into the behavior of customers.
crmrh2003	Class project for web development
crms	Customer Relations Management System
crng	combined random number generator
cro	On line chinese restaurant database provides editing, polling, posting and searching interface to users through a web server.
crockboard	Ever accidently lost that important text in your clipboard? Ever wanted to just go through a long paper and copy the entrys you wanted? Then CrockBoard Manager is your savoir. CrockBoard stores text and images that you copy into your clipboard.
crocoforum	CrocoForum is a PHP Free/Light forum-software ,It requires MYSQL database.\nYou may edit it but please don&#039;t edit the copyright© at the footer.\nAny affiliation ,advertising ,sponcering &amp; co-developing/designing is welcome.\ncroconile [at] inbox [d
crocus	Easy to use ready to go CSV File Reading utility.
croftsoft	An Open Source portable pure Java game library with example games, Swing-based sprite animation engine, deployment framework, and firewall tunneling networking.  The code is documented in the book Advanced Java Game Programming by David Wallace Croft.
crom	CROM aims to be a simple, lightweight C++ / GTK2 AIM client.
cromath	Cromath is a fully featured software built on foundations of Mathematica and Matlab. It will provide support for Mathematica and Matlab projects which will help the transition.
cromelinux	CromeLinux is a modular OS, that will be developed in 2 section: Worstation and Server.
cromesc	Scripts for Crome Ecu Editor
cron	This a service scheduler of tasks which allows you to define a generic task (in any  .NET language) and send it to a remote machine. Then, the remote machine will excute the task at the time you&#039;ve specificated.
cron-backup	Program to automate the backup of the MySQL database &amp; file directory, and send the backup data files to an offsite destination for safe storage through email. Works with Joomla!, Mambo, PostNuke, WordPress &amp; etc. See http://ecommerce.matrix-e.co
cron-ui	User interface for cron.
crono	CRONO is a Cluster Manager aimed at small and mid-size GNU/Linux cluster installations owned by non-specialized users. Some features of CRONO are: space and time shared allocation, batch jobs and interactive modes and definition of access rights.
cronolog	Cronolog is a web server log rotation program that uses strftime-based filename templates to determine rotation frequency, and automatically rotates the log file when expansion of the template would yield a new filename.
cronometer	A fully featured nutrition and biomarker tracking tool. Designed for practitioners of Caloric Restrictrion (CRON) Diets.
cronos	Cronos es un gestor de contenido escrito usando php 5 que permite la separacion de las tareas como aplicaciones corriendo sobre un sistema operativo. La seguridad y separacion entre componentes lo ofrece el mismo php. Ademas cronos elimina el problema de
cronosched	Cronos is a job scheduler : it permits to create and chain complex scheduled jobs in order to increase productivity
cronosii	Cronos II is a MUA (or Mail Client) written from scratch over the GNOME library using C. This MUA is intended to be fast, light and powerful. It has support for POP3, Spool, SMTP, Plugins and many other protocols and features.
cronostitan	Cronos is a Perl/Tk implementation of the classic TITAN boardgame from the early 1980s.  It features network support, full rules support, and time-saving features like legal move highlighting.  Future improvements include artificial intelligence and opti
cronus	A php/mysql based payroll system for work-study employees in Temple University&#039;s computer science department. The css themeable design of the system is a module loader -&gt; php session -&gt; module framework that can easily be extended to suit many
cronus-emulator	1- Cronus is a project, that the main goal is do an emulator using eAthenato run with bRO. Why?: The most brazilian people dont have conditions to download sakray and kRO, so this project is to this public.
cronw	This project is dedicated to developing a Win32 system service that provides Uni*-style CRON.
cronycards	A competitive network and internet base for playing of card-games for non-gambling purposes. Cuts out development time for new games through extensive reuse of basic code.
cropsim-xml	The Crop Simulation Markup Language (CropSim-XML) is a XML-based framework for the transfer of agricultural crop simulation data between crop simulation users. The backbone of CropSim-XML is an XML document type definition (DTD).
croquet	Croquet is a multi-user Java simulation of the classic lawn game.
croquetproject	Croquet is a 3D collaboration environment which runs across many different platforms.
crosa	Crosa is a C++ game development framework and tools designed with productivity in mind. It uses visual diagrams to define processes of a game like the asset generation. It targets small or medium sized games.
crosmf	A translation project of language interface of the SMF (Simple Machines Forum) software to Croatian language. Prevo?enje jezi?nih datoteka za SMF (Simple Machines Forum) softvera na hrvatski jezik. www.simplemachines.org/community/index.php?board=118.0
cross-stuff	Full operational package to build a complete Linux embedded system (host development tools and target image) for several reference boards: - Freescale LITE5200 - Cirrus Logic EDB9315A - Advantech PCM3350
cross2peer	Cross-2-Peer is a cross-platform peer-to-peer system intended for application and network development.
crossbar	Crossbar is a collection of example applications written for Java Server Faces (JSF) and Java Server Pages (JSP).
crossbit	CrossBit is a dynamic binary translator that compile machine code from one instruction set architecture to another at runtime.
crossbot	CrossBOT is an open source crossword construction system that features an advanced &quot;stand alone&quot; crossword compiler, based on consistency and intelligent backtracking algorithms, along with a web interface.
crossbow	Full-features Integrated Development Environment (IDE) containing built-in cross assemblers for a variety of processors. Will contain built-in emulators and features specific to software development on certain computer systems and consoles.
crossbow-config	crossbow-config is a small open-source programme written in C++ for Linux network configuration. It uses gtkmm libraries for drawing the graphical user interface. It&#039;s small and compatible with most popular Linux distributions.
crosscalculator	The main goal of this project is to provide small systems (like the GameBoyAdvance) with a tool to solve arithmetical expressions, trigonometric or logarithmic functions, etc, in an open and extencible way.
crosscheck	Crosscheck is a JavaScript unit-testing framework capable of emulating multiple browser environments. For more information see: https://dev.thefrontside.net/crosscheck
crosscontext	CrossContext is an independent abstraction of request, session and application contexts. It removes compile-time dependency on particular context implementation (ex: Servlet API),simplifies your code, adds persistence and distributed locking possibilitie
crosscrash	Cross-Crash is an enhancement to the existing Crash utility that analyzes the linux kernel core dumps by Linux Kernel Crash Dump (LKCD). It allows the analysis of core dumps on hosts that are not of the same architecture the dumps were originated from.
crossdb	To provide cross database tools for manipulating all major databases without having to worry about each vendors specific implementation.
crossdoe	CrossDoe is a crossword creation program written by Mr Soo Reams in C++ on MFC libraries. It is designed to be easy to use yet unconstrictive.
crossftpserver	CrossFTP Server is a secure enabled FTP Server for multiple platforms. It offers a high-performance, easy configurable, and most of all a secure FTP server. It is very easy to start a new FTP service for the novice users, and for advanced users as well.
crossgcc	Conectiva&#039;s Cross GCC project objective is to create binary packages providing cross-compilers to the Linux environment that can generate executables to other operating systems and plataforms.
crossip	CrossIP is a dns update client for console and gui environments using the open source ThatIP-J library.
crossmagi	A joint effort between multiple isometric projects to create free animated 2d graphics rotated in 8 directions for isometric RPG Games including tools to help in their creation.
crossmedia	Comparator of prices of articles via bar code or ISBN.
crossmess	A Msn Client cross plataform with python and GUI wxPython
crossolver	This little program helps you to solve crossword-puzzles. After entering the question it tries to find the correct answer. You can also specify known letters or the count of letters of the solution-word. (Question-Answer-file will be in german!)
crossover	Easily create programs that not only efficiently solve problems and play games of any complexity, but also modify themselves to improve &quot;intelligence&quot; and efficiency.
crossoverdev	The CrossOverDev project provides a number of scripts which download, compile, and install cross platform development tools on many platforms. COD creates, for example, the environment needed to compile a MSWindows(tm) app on a Mac OS X(tm) platform
crosspacker	CrossPacker is a software development tool for creating cross-platform, native software packages. Given a &quot;CrossPackage&quot; file, CrossPacker can generate Windows exe installers, RPM and DEB packages, tarballs and Mac OS X app bundles.
crosspage	Project to elevlop a web-based layout program with using a maximum of standard formats for data and layout-exchange
crosspost	Crosspost allows you to maintain multiple blogs from a single easy-to-use interface. Currently supported blogging service providers include Blogger, Livejournal, MySpace, and Xanga.
crossrec	CrossRec is a Open source application, for keeping all kind of information related to CD&#039;s, tapes, records, videos etc. The underlying database is relational, and the CrossRec application has a complex structure, similar to very advanced, profession
crossroads	This is a flexible PHP plugin for Wordpress that allows integration with Flickr and Lightbox.
crosssuite	The purpose of this project is to help in the creation of crossword puzzles. The suite will be comprised of a dictionary manager, a random crossword puzzle generator and an applet that will use the crossword puzzles allowing educational fun.
crosssum	Puzzle game to design and play cross sum games.  A cross sum puzzle is similar to a cross word puzzle, only the clues are the sums of sequences of single digit answers.
crosstest	The goal is to enable testing frameworks to play tests that have been written in any language. For instance, python tests may be played inside Junit, for Junit may be your framework of choice. Project known as Yactu (Yet Another Cross Testing Utilities)
crosstex	CrossTeX is a modern object-oriented bibliography management tool designed to replace BibTex.
crossthemall	CTA (CrossThemAll) is a portable crosswords game, with the possibility to generate thematic grids. Everybody will be able to contribute to the database. It will also have network capabilities in the future.
crosswater	&quot;Cross The Water&quot; is a general repository for various small Java projects too big to be a &quot;code snippet&quot;, but too small to justify the overhead of a complete project.
crossweb	CrossWeb - Currently being redeveloped.
crosswidgets	Xwidgets is a multiple UI framework for java. It uses Swing, SWT and Qt Jambi to draw your apps. Charva is pending.
crosswise	The Crosswise project is a web-based community event calendar that adds modular data analysis and visualization, and communication methods, to provide community organizations with a powerful  event planning, collaboration and analysis tool.
crossword	A GNOME game to let you try to solve crossword puzzles. It aims for simplicity in use.
crosswords	Program for generation crosswords and the crossword game.
crosswordsage	Crossword Sage is a tool for creating professional looking crosswords with powerful word suggestion capabilities. It can also help you solve crosswords!
crosswordsaver	Enjoy doing the crossword in the morning? But your paper doesn&#039;t print one on Sundays! Why not store the old crosswords in your computer so you can replay them anytime. Crosswordsaver keeps them in a database, you can play them later from your brows
crossxcm	CrossXCM is simply web based  tool for provide easily trace between requests and solution. This tool design for Project managers, IT Engineers and Developers.
crossxml	To develop an open source, os independant XML/DocBook Editor that meats all XML, DocBook schemes, with a graphical front end for building schema&#039;s, books, and other documents. It will be different from all the other XML Editors in that it will be tr
crossy	CrossY is a drawing application that uses crossing to trigger events instead of point-and-click.
crossystem	Flexible Generic role system.
crothallsme	&quot;Crothall SME Intranet Quickstart&quot; will be a collection of HTML, XML, text, CGI scripts and similar documents designed to help small and medium enterprises get started with an intranet.  In particular, these documents and facilities will be use
crouton	A programming language designed for searching and manipulating tree-structured data, particularly corpora of natural languages encoded in an s-expression-like format.
crow	Crow - Computational Representation Of Whatever. A platform for the integration and mining of complex and distributed data. Represents cross-linked semantic web documents as a network of software objects and offers easy ways to filter, and sort them.
crow-designer	A modern GUI building tool for GTK+
crowchess	Crow is a graphical interface for FICS - Free Internet Chess Server (http://www.freechess.org).
crowdcontrol	Crowd Control is an small, cross-platform HTTP proxy (a fork of the elhttp project) designed for systems with little RAM, such as a home router. It can filter URLs using SquidGuard blocklists, and has the unique ability to filter HTTPS domains as well.
crowly	Crowly is a first-generation graphical installer for Ubuntu aimed at providing light-weight, yet powerful frontend for Ubuntu installation.
crownandcutlass	Crown and Cutlass is a 3d pirate action/adventure game in the spirit of the old Pirates! game.  It is written in C++, using OpenGL and SDL with an emphasis on cross-platform compatibility.
crownim2	Provide a secure and centrally managed Business Instant Messaging Solution (server/client), including Chat, Voice / Video Conferencing, File Transfer, Emoticons, Dictionary and Tools add-in function etc.
crownkb	CrownKB aims to be a fully featured knowledge base / document repository. CrownKB is different in that all files, articles, notes, etc must go through a review process before being &quot;published&quot; into the document tree.
crownosesuite	The crownose suite provides some open source apps for Kronos workforce applications. The suite includes crowBadgemaker, a badgemaking application which can replace expensive datacard software, this takes pictures using any old webcamera
crowos	crowOS aims not to be a big, wide-spread OS, but only a sort of hobbie-OS of mine,  mainly for fun and to learn more about what is going on &quot;under the hood&quot;. For now, it will be based on the x86-architecture, written mainly in C but also some A
crowsnest	A system for building event-watching daemons that communicate with each other. It is written in Python and uses the Twisted framework. It will aim to be cross-platform, customizable, and flexible.
crowtde	CrowTDE is an open source Tcl/Tk development environment written in Tcl/Tk. Its purposes is to provide a convenient environment for Tcl/Tk programmers. CrowTDE is a Tcl/Tk IDE.
crox	Server framework written in Java with focus on protocol and transport layer abstraction. Possible uses include HTTP servers and chatserver over TCP using XML.
crp	CRP is a package that automates the process of being the program chair of a conference. It&#039;s designed to be easy to install (requiring only MySQL and PHP4), easy to modify and easy to use by program chairs, PC members, authors and reviewers.
crpb	This project watermarks a photobooth picture with a predefined png image.
crpc	The Remote Procedure Call system for C language, with the kernel-space internet family protocol
crpcapacity	The CRP-Capacity Requirement Planning, shortly CRP Capacity, is a solution that is targeted for manufacturing enterprises with discrete production processes and currently allows the maintenance of resource related master data and interdependencies.
crpg-creator	A creation system for 2D role-playing games based on a combination of concepts from &quot;Final Fantasy 2/4&quot; and &quot;The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past&quot;.
crpgc	This project is going to be a MMORPG creator (Massive Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game). That allows users with no introduction with coding or scripting to make their own MMORPG. Help needed, programmers and developers, welcome.
crpge	The Complete Roll Playing Game Engine is an engine that can be used to create roll playing games. It includes programs to build characters, monsters, and worlds. cRPGe currently uses the AD&amp;D rules set.
crpl	A general-purpose scripting language similar to the UserRPL language found on Hewlett Packard calculators.  Extremely small, fast, and easy to embed and extend in your own programs.
crplugin	A repository for various CodeRush / DXCore / Refactor! plug-ins as well as detailed tutorials and API information.
crpm	CodeReactor is a Delphi Project managment tool (Tracker, BugReports, Documentation, Calendar)
crptgrfchr	Cryptografichier is an encryption tool for the Win32 and Linux platforms, written with Borland Delphi 2005 and Lazarus. You can use it in order to encrypt your files with a password.
crrcsim	CRRCSim is a model-airplane flight simulation program for Linux with ports to other platforms.  Using CRRCSim you can learn how to fly model aircraft, test new aircraft designs, and improve your skills by practicing in the relative safety of your pc.
crrs	CHIRIS (Canada Health Infoway Reference Implementation Suite) is a demonstration of Electronic Health Record (EHR) interoperability messaging created by Canada Health Infoway. The project demonstrates and proves Patient Registry interoperability messagin
crs	This specification will define a how to store, manage and discover content on a peer. Goals include defining: 1) general object structure for catalog information; 2) content rules language; 3) management of peer policies; 4) requirements matching
crsd	CRSD is a client management system for substance abuse centers.
crsemail	A 100% pure java based SMTP / POP3 mail server.  Supports plugins.
crsl	A Reuseable Web Services Layer for integration with the Colorado Health Information Exchange (COHIE). This integration addresses two COHIE use cases, Load Patient Demographic Data and Request Clinical Data.
crsoa	localization eAthena RO server
crspolice	The institution is the Police. The proposed system applies to Police Institutions all across the country and specifically looks into the subject of Crime Records Management. It is well understood that Crime Prevention, Detection and Conviction of crimina
crsr	The project is intended to make easier and safer communications via email for people using pendrives. The main concept is to use an image instead of a password to cipher the message. The exact and same image must be used to decipher the message.
crsrecsys	Course recommendation engine for curriculum progress.
crsx	Implementation of Combinatory Reduction Systems (CRS) with experimental extensions, in Java.  CRS is a formalism for higher-order rewriting invented by J.W.Klop in 1980 for implementing optimizers of programming languages with lexical scoping.
crsystem	The institution is the Police. The proposed system applies to Police Institutions all across the country and specifically looks into the subject of Crime Records Management. It is well understood that Crime Prevention, Detection and Conviction of crimina
crt	Content Release Tool is a Perl script that manages the Release  and rollback of content.  While primarily intended for web content, this tool is extensible and can be used for other types of content as well.  Releases are tracked and stored in a MySQL Da
crtimelimit	This is a great program for adualts who want to limit their kids time in front of the computer. You write in how many minutes the computer should be running before it locks, log off or shutdown.
crtodolist	This is a To-Do Lists program. You can add, edit and delete your things you have to do. I will use XML like database and i will also create some language packs.
crucibleofstars	Crucible of Stars is a sci-fi FPS game set in the future of humanity. You are a member of the Chandoblis, a semi-religious group with incredible psychic powers. When investigating a silenced outpost you uncover a menace of unexpected power and depth.
crud	A multiplatform C++ Library for Decentralised Communication
crud2007	This is a Open Source Delphi Runescape Client and ready for download and use.\ncomplying with all of Jagex 3rd Party client rules.\nhave fun and enjoy, email me if you would like to be apart of its development.
crude	Java and Web-based Create Read Update Delete tool. XML configuration files provide quick and easy setup to quickly get CRUD screens up and going. A small pluggable module that can easily be incorporated into other web applications.
crudelia	Crudelia, in conjunction with Hibernate, provides a web application with the ability to update/delete/create objects in the database or to put in the request/session/context objects retrieved from the database, without the need to write a line of code.
crudo	Java Server Faces (JSF) CRUD generator plugin for Eclipse.
crudtable	Maintain and share your spreadsheets like tables. Apply CRUD operations using command line interface or GUI. Built-in SQL is simple, easy to learn and uniform across all vendors.
cruelganger	cruelganger is one threadpool framework in java. Accord to it, you could define your task and task listener, then u could give the tasks to the cruel ganger, the guy will schedule his workers(threads) to finish it.
cruise-eclipse	Eclipse Plugin for CruiseControl JMX interface.  This plugin allows you to control the CruiseControl Server build queue, and the project builds.
cruiseconsole	CruiseConsole is a tool that enables developers to monitor and manage CruiseControl from a graphical user interface.  In the future features will be added for enabling developers to interactively collaborate with each other to resolve build issues.
cruisecontrol	CruiseControl is a framework for a continuous build process. It includes, but is not limited to, plugins for email notification, Ant, and various source control tools. A web interface is provided to view the details of the current and previous builds.
cruiseedit	This Eclipse plugin allows you to edit and test CruiseControl configuration files. It includes wizards, an XML based editor, a CruiseControl console and access to the CruiseControl Build Results website all from within the Eclipse environment.
cruisereport	This is a replacement for the CruiseControl reporting application. It is template based (rather than using XSLT) and will allow plugins for displaying project-specific information
cruisesaver	CruiseSaver is a screen saver for CruiseControl.  Each of your CruiseControl projects is represented by a floating orb.  Color and labels indicate the projects current build status.
cruiseshell	Use of Cruise control for the building c++ application with the help of ANT tool
cruiseview	CruiseView is a java JMX client that allows you to view information on cruise control builds, as well as invoke JMX commands on the CruiseControl server..
crul	An openSource Code Revision Library and Software Project Management system for MulitValue Database Systems.
crumb	Music Media Player with Media Library that supports OGG, MP3, WMA, WAV and AIFF files. It requires Windows 2000 or above.
crunch	The Crunch Engine is an Object-Oriented, cross-platform, engine targetted at creating video games in the independent developper&#039;s community. It is maintained by members of the devcrunch.com community.
crunchy	Crunchy is an application that transforms an html-based Python tutorial into an interactive session within a browser window. It was previously known as Crunchy Frog, but the name was changed to avoid conflict with an already existing project.
crunkyknobs	CrunkyKnobs generates code to deal with tweakable variables in your program
crunner	The Cue Runner project was created to develop a simple program with powerful features, to help Production Stage Managers run a theatrical production. This software provides a free solution to schools and production companies alike.
crusaide	Space Mass Gaming  [Simulation] in a real sized Galaxy (ours) of 100 million stars
crush1011	Robot controller and related software written for competition, experiments, and protyping on FIRST Robotics Team 1011, &quot;Team CRUSH&quot;. Written in C for the IFI 2004 or newer FRC and/or ECU-RC controllers. Includes main code and device specific co
crushedbee	Crushed bee Zigbee/Ethernet project:\n\nGoal become a software-hardware reference project for Zigbee/Ethernet SCADA system.
crusherpub	Crusherpub is the best blocker of pub. It will block 100% of publicities on Internet thanks to a new form of blocking.
crust	Visual Software used in the medical field for developing a comprehensive system to capture and analyse image based medical conditions.
crusty	Crusty the Package. Is a package generator for build systems. It uses upstream version controls to create snapshots that could be build automaticly in build systems.
crux	CrUX is a collection of code writing utilities for developing XML based applications.  The project is written in Python in an effort to be portable and cross platform compatible.
cruxgds	Crux Game Development System, built with the powerful C++ language allows DirectX integration and will be a powerful games toolkit allowing construction of any genre of 2D and 3D PC games with ease. Look out world - Crux is coming.
cruxopkg	This is just gui frontend for console pkgutils for OS CRUX (http://crux.nu).
cryexplorer	Crystal Explorer is a browser based on Internet Explorer realized in Visual Basic .Net.
cryogen	Cryogen is an experimental, distributed operating system.
cryolibs	Cryolibs is an open source repository of libraries written in PHP/XML/SOAP/AJAX for an Enterprise Application Framework. They are designed to make the development of component-driven web applications a modular, well-defined and rapid process.
cryon	Cryon is the fastest MailSender on the NET! Multithreading support for Win32, Config Files, Loging, Interactive Configuration, Console Interface! Test your mail server for speed and bandwidth problems-diagnostics.
cryproc	Cryproc is module for the Linux kernel 2.6 which allows user space programs to access the kernel&#039;s CryptoAPI functions via a file called &quot;cryproc&quot; created in the /proc filesystem.
crypt	A ultrafast lightweight (no GUI) encryption/decryption software using the CryptoAPI on Windows platform, to secure just about anything - regular files and directories,  consoles, communication resources(COM ports), Disk devices, pipes and sockets anythin
crypt-gui	Crypt-Gui is a small, simple and C# based gui related to the nice encryption command-line tool named Crypt, written by Animesh Srivastava.
crypt-xor	This is a program which just does crypting by using the XOR algorithm. Although it&#039;s very primitive it&#039;s very effective if your key is long and good enough (random data should be best).
crypt21	This ain&amp;#39;t your daddy&amp;#39;s crypto!  We provide a set of C libs and utilities to perform cypherpunk style crypto functions, using your existing OpenPGP keys.  Ring signatures; credentials; mental poker; timelines; zero knowledge proofs.  Cool
cryptapi	CryptAPI is a C# library that contains unimplemented algorithms in the .NET framework (NT, NTLM, BlowFish, DES and MD5) linking and emulating the crypt() unix function re-programmed in C#. The main purpose is to provide backward compatiblity.
cryptar	Cryptar is a cryptographic network backup program that is able to be very efficient with network resources by using an algorithm derived from the rsync algorithm.  It uses SHA-1 hashes to verify (sign) its data and AES to encrypt it.
cryptcat	Cryptcat is a lightweight version of netcat with integrated transport encryption capabilities.
cryptell	Little and easy-to-use program for encrypted voice-over-ip telephony. GUI-free command-line usage (&quot;$ cryptell otherhost&quot;) and paranoid (adjustable) encryption. At this time we use the RSA algorithm. Only compatible to itself.
cryptex	i have always wanted to develop a s/w that encrypts a document of a user using encryption algorithms like rsa.......and the s/w should be useful for normal end-users like home users for preserving their financial records or personal data etc.....
crypteyes	CryptEyes (CBS) permet de crypter tout type de fichier, que ce soit un fichier texte, un mp3 ou encore une vidéo, CBS sait tout crypter et si la clef est bonne il la restitue parfaitement.
cryptic-chat	Cryptic Chat: Encrtyped Chat and File Sharing peer-to-peer
cryptic6	An encrypted P2P program based on the principle of 6 degrees of seperation.
cryptica	A J2EE based Certificate Authority
cryptico	An open source, easy to use encryption program, with features to help keep your encrypted files secure.
cryptix	Cryptix is an international volunteer effort to produce robust, open-source cryptographic software libraries. Cryptix products are free, both for commercial and non-commercial use and are being used by developers all over the world.
cryptix-asn1	The Cryptix ASN.1 Kit aims at facilitating the task programmers face in coding, accessing and generating java-bound, both types and values, defined as ASN.1 constructs, or encoded as such.
cryptix-openpgp	Cryptix OpenPGP is a library which implements the OpenPGP standard (RFC 2440) in Java.
cryptkit	CryptKit is a small, fast cryptographic toolkit for python. It implements Rijndael(AES), SHA 256, Elliptic Curve PKI, Diffie-Hellman key exchange and Nyberg-Ruppel signature/verification. Comprehensive enough to provide a secure socket alternative to SSL
cryptknock	Cryptknock is an encrypted port knocking tool.  Unlike other port knockers which use TCP ports or other protocol information to signal the knock, an encrypted string is used as the &quot;knock&quot;.  Therefore, sniffing cannot be used to recover the &qu
cryptlist	Add strong cryptography and anonymity to your mailing list! Messages are separately encrypted to each listmember, while stripping any information that could identify the sender. Advanced features include cryptographic pseudonyms and Mix remailer support.
cryptmachine	It is a fine tool to encrypt your data.It uses a dinamic algorithm and a nice interface.It`s easy to use and helpful.
cryptmount	cryptmount allows management and user-mode mounting of encrypted filing systems on GNU/Linux systems. Filesystems &amp; crypto-swap can be on either raw block devices or ordinary files, with device-mapper (dm-crypt) and loopback devices setup automatical
cryptnet	The purpose of this project is to create a library of cryptographic functions for .NET, in fully managed C#. This will extend the existing .NET framework crypto functionality.
crypto-ease	Management tool for managing secure gateways as defined in RFC2401 from a single point. Easy to use for AES, SSL, SHA1, TLS, PKI, 3DES, tunnel or transport mode. Never write user-level security code again. Brought to you by http://www.vantagect.com.
crypto-tool	This application provides, for everyone, a cryptographic implementaion of the RSA, AES and RC4 algorithms. Steganography is also supported, providing a secure transfert solution. The goal is to make all people access to this nice cryptographic world :)
cryptoapi	CryptoAPI adds a framework for cryptography to the GNU/Linux kernel.
cryptoboot	Set of tools needed to setup and maintain encrypted partitions under unix systems (initially linux). Especially helpfull when doing root device encryption. Features xml configuration, multiple users, usb &quot;tokens&quot; (usb mass storage) and key hier
cryptochat	Jabber based secure Java chat client.
cryptodemo	Encrypts, decrypts, sign, and verify text and binary messages using CryptoAPI. Also compresses and send those messages via a TCP/IP network.
cryptodispatch	StrongHold32 - is a stand alone crypto program created for Win32 . It is based on the RC5 family (32/0..255/0..255). Easy to use and fast. Process any file types. Tool supports one click multiple files encryption and fast e-mail processing.
cryptogang	CryptoGang is a toolkit for decrypting the DES algorithm (UNIX password file). It is using a distributed network structure to brute force the problem. The distributed network scales well and works just fine with clustering solutions such as OpenMosix.  T
cryptognome	CryptoGnome is an attempt to reinvent the wheel without reinventing the wheel. The final goal is an open source VCS similiar to ClearCase. There will be a major milestone at the CVS/PRCS level of functionality.
cryptohawk	CryptoHawk can calculate hashes (md2,md4,md5,sha-1,sha-256 and hmac). It can also perform cryptanalysis like frequency analysis for substutition cipher and exhaustive key search for rotation cipher, as well as searching internet databases for md5 hashes.
cryptohelper	CryptoHelper is a Java program designed to aid in the decryption of classical ciphers, ie pre WWII ciphers.  It brings together tools like frequency analysis, friedman tests, enciphering/deciphering for several clasical ciphers, and brute force algorithm
cryptojim	The goal of CryptoJIM project is to create a cross platform instant messenger with support for a central encrypted message archive, transparent message encryption and several IM Protocols. At first priority it will support the ICQ Protocol.
cryptology	Cryptology is a Windows shell application that enables users to easily protect their files. It incorporates military grade encryption (256 AES) and secure shredding into a simple user interface
cryptomaster	This is a frontend to cryptsetup where you can initialize and mount your dm-crypt(LUKS) encrypted devices with keyfiles or passwords.\nThe idea is to be completely independent from the usual crypttab/fstab setup.
cryptomni	Cryptomni is a program which can encrypt and decrypt files using the one-time pad cipher. If a key is truly random, kept secret, and never reused, this encryption algorithm can be proven to be unbreakable.
cryptomx	CryptoMX is a collection of encryption, hashing, conversion, and steganography tools. It will work on any OS with a JavaScript capable browser.
crypton	Crypton is an opensource content delivery system like Steam. It is made for indie gamers and developers.
cryptonit	A simple, secure and free tool for encryption and signature for Microsoft Windows and Unix. Part of the IDEALX &quot;OpenTrust&quot; suite (IDX-PKI, IMC, IDX-smbldap-tools...), it provides confidentiality and security through X.509-PKCS certificates. Lan
cryptools	Cryptools is a collection of tools to aid in the process of cryptanalysis.
cryptopp	free C++ library for cryptography: includes ciphers, message authentication codes, one-way hash functions, public-key cryptosystems, and key agreement schemes
cryptoproject	A Visual Basic Project that Crypt and Decrypt File in Windows,compress them,and make them ready to be sent on the Net.Whit a single Right-Click you can choose Decrypt the .cpr file or Crypt any other file into a .cpr.
cryptopy	CryptoPy is a pure python implmentation of cryptographic algorithms and applications. The algorithms are developed for readability more than speed.  The collection now includes IEEE 802.11i specific algorithms that generated the test vectors for 802.11i.
cryptopy-	CryptoPy is located at :  https://sourceforge.net/projects/cryptopy/
cryptosharp	CryptoSharp is a project that provide the most vast De/Cyphering algorithm panel to developers, IT engeneer, System administrator and End Users. It runs on Linux platforms and Windows platform thanks to the .Net Framework.
cryptoslam	Cryptoslam is a curses-based tool for creating and solving the simple pencil-and-paper cryptograms found in newspapers and puzzle magazines.  It is a tool that aids in analyzing, examining, and trying possible decodings of simple substitution cyphers.
cryptosmsj2me	The crypto messenger is a j2me application capable of sending and receiving crypted sms using a XOR crypting algorithm or a more robust RC6 symmetric crypting algorithm both in EBC and CBC mode. The app manage the sms received. The future features are: R
cryptosock	Cryptographic Extensions to Winsock API as an MFC class and an OCX control
cryptostudio	General-purpose cryptographic application. Includes easy access (GUI frontend) to: public key algorithms, symmetric ciphers, hash algorithms, X.509 certificates, PKCS, smart cards (PKCS11) access and other utilities. Based on OpenSSL.
cryptoteach	This project will be a crypto tech system. Will include classical cryptosystems emulator, Enigma and some modern cryptosystems. This project include some cryptoanalis use cases to.
cryptotw	CryptoTW provides a win32 DLL that acts as an interface between the GPG.EXE from gnupg.org and a win32 program.  Programming automated systems against the GPG.EXE is challenging.  By solving the problem once, as a DLL, many developers can benefit.
cryptpp	Crypt++ is intended to provide simple tools in order to analyse text files encrypted with classical ciphers such as Vigenere.\nIntended features:\n- cross platform GUI\n- dynamic memory usage for large ciphertexts\n- kosinski analysis\n- graph drawing
cryptrl	CryptRL is an english/french Java 1.5 Roguelike with sound and graphics. Its main influence is NetHack/Slash&#039;Em (on the ingame interaction.) You&#039;ll find more informations here: http://roguebasin.roguelikedevelopment.org/index.php?title=CryptRL
cryptsock	Cryptographic Extensions to Winsock API as an MFC class and an OCX control
cryptstickfs	CryptStickFS is a (Twofish) encrypted tiny File system in a single growing File. It is designed to work with USB Sticks.
crypttalker	The Crypt is a chat system (&quot;Talker&quot;) that has more of a social base of features than, say, IRC or ICB did. The idea is to create an atmosphere where people can login, chit chat, and build a community feel.
cryptus	Pure-Java cryptographic calculator, featuring basic arithmetic operators, cryptographic operations, multiple key file formats and edition of ASN.1 object files.
cryptutils	All 32-bit MS Windows (95/98/NT/2000/XP)
cryptux	Cryptux is a full featured Linux distribution that aims to bring full disk encryption to the common user.  Cryptux is based on RedHat Linux with the inclusion of the PPDD crypto block driver by Allan Latham.
cryptx	Cryptography programm for encrypt/decrypt your files.This is use a Microsoft Crypto API.
crypty	Crypty is your tool for encrypting and decrypting your private messages, files and e-mails, with TripleDES or RSA guarrented security. To try web-start enabled crypty, just click on Project and select Web Site.
cryptzing	Small encryption program for encryption of a short text.
cryssmex	The Crystallizing Substochastic Sequential Machine Extractor, CrySSMEx, is an algorithm for extracting Finite State Machines from Recurrent Neural Networks. Input: sequential data generated from RNNs. Output: (stochastic) FSMs and state space quantizers.
crystal	Crystal Space is an Open Source 3D SDK for Unix, Windows, MacOS/X. It renders with OpenGL or software and features curved surfaces, volumetric fog, dynamic colored lighting, terrain engine, LOD, procedural textures, portals, etc.
crystal-audio	Crystal Audio is a fvwm-crystal configuration tuned for use on an audio workstation. The final goal is to made FVWM-Crystal menu structure compatible with freedesktop specification and to provide tools to generate the menu entries and icons.
crystal-cursor	A cursor beautify tool with multiple follow cursor effect.
crystal-osx-xp	Port of the popular Crystal SVG icon set to windows XP and mac OS X. Currently contains 133 icons for appications, folders, devices, and mime types.
crystal-php	Crystal PHP will be framework allowing you to fully modify its context via web browser. Site will be built up from plugins, which will inherit information of page layout. Cummunicating system will allow sharing data between services based on Crystal PHP.
crystal9	Crystal9 is a powerful E-commerce suite written in Perl, and designed to run under the Apache web server (soon mod_perl) with a MySQL backend. It is based on AllCommerce, an open source e-commerce suite developed by now defunct Opensales/Zelerate.
crystalblend	CrystalBlend is a game engine integrated with Blender based on Crystal Space. It is an alternative for the currently existing but outdated GameBlender.
crystalbrowser	A browser that is to be the first to ever comply with W3C standards. It will stay on top of these standards, and if it doesn&#039;t handle a certain standard then it can be requested and introduced into the application.
crystaldesktop	Crystal Desktop is a solution for desktop including an antivirus, an editor, a mail client and other things...
crystaldoc	French and Spanish translations of Crystal Space 3D SDK documentation.
crystaledit	Powerful full-featured syntax coloring text editor component for MFC Windows applications. ASCII, Unicode, UTF-8, Unix- and Windows-style line break support, built-in search/repleace dialogs
crystalforgnome	A GNOME themeing project designed to bring uniformity to the GNOME desktop.
crystalinstall	Crystal Installer is a free, handy Java program (based on InstallGuru) made to help you deploy your software. It creates an executable jar file. This installer can run on any operating system with a Java Runtime Environment (JRE).
crystalinterfac	Generate high resolution, high quality text with glass crystal interface using PHP and the GD Library.  Perfect for programmers that need nice attractive designs but do not have the time or imagination to do so.
crystallang	Crystal is an interpreted language used for a variety of purposes. It has advanced mathematics, arrays and modules (including MySQL support. Its syntax is similar to C/PHP. It can compile under any POSIX OS (Including Cygwin).
crystalline	The goal of the Crystalline project is to create a cache framework that can be used with maximum transparency in both persistence and business layers, even on pre-existing software components.
crystalmaptool	Crystal Mapping Tool is a general-purpose map making program for the Crystal Space engine brought to you by the Bringer of Light project.
crystalmath	Crystal Math is a symbolic math suite. While it can be used as a simple calculator, it also has a powerful equation based subsystem which lends itself well to such task as symbolic differentiation. Developers Needed!
crystalnight	CrystalNight is a web-based CGI game engine for a genre of game best described as &quot;breeding&quot; game. Meaning you, breed/train monsters/animals/etc. This is a game engine so the specifics for any game using it would need to be defined in the datab
crystalpage	A enterprise-level CMS system, build with php and supported by MySQL database, capable of managing even the most sophisticated and complex sites.
crystalpreview	Uma transcrição do cristal reports preview originalmente escrito em ASP pela empresa business object.
crystalquartz	Modern day grid technologies are often hard to use, prone to failure, and hard to develop against. The Crystal project aims to create a fully-featured framework for grid applications, which is rapidly-deployable on bare-metal hardware.
crystalquest	CrystalQuest is an attempt to create a 3d mmorpg based on the IrrLicht Engine
crystalrip	Automates ripping CD&#039;s via a server script that listens for commands over TCP.  Can rip to ogg, flac, and mp3.  Can upload music to any machine when finished, and sends an email notification when finished.  Designed to run on a machine that is headl
crystalsaga	Crystal Saga is a full screen 2D RPG programmed in JAVA. The main features are a real-time side view battle system, intuitive menu system, tiled world maps and towns, and a captivating story line.
crystalstore	CrystalStore is a java/jsp based ecommerce solution which features catalog, shopping cart, inventory maintanaince, order management functionalities.
crystalview	The visualisation framework for OpenDX and VASP (and other quantum mechanical programs in the future). This will enable one to visualise results of the calculation and build new visualisation applications.
crystalwar	crystalwar make us of crystalspace
crystalx	A version of Crystal Space that will run on the Xbox Console
cs-adforms	Community Server 2.1 : Using Forms authentication to login against your company&#039;s Active Directory
cs-arraytopath	Programmatically access an array using unix filesystem-like paths.  Adding, removing, and updating items in an array without hard-coding it&#039;s location within the array itself.  Especially helpful if the location of data is at differing depths.
cs-case	CASE C#, This is a software that generates programs from a file XML, generate source code CS, XSL, SQL, supported in Microsoft and linux, database mysql and Microsoft SQL Server
cs-cd	A daemon that communicates user/server informaton with a central MySQL &quot;community server&quot; that allows Counter-Strike servers to form a network, by share user info, banlists and much more..
cs-cmdtools	These command line tools are intended to improve the MS-DOS environment, as well as to give support for old and unused MS-DOS commands.
cs-content	Generic, automatic templating system designed to leverage the power of a templating system, all running through a single script. Allows incredibly fast building of an intelligent website without having to write a script for every page to add a template.
cs-dataclassgen	This program will connect with your database and automatically generate a data class that will allow you to update your database in code, without having to write any sql or other code!
cs-framework	Distributed, object-oriented and event-driven LabVIEW based Control System Framework with some SCADA functionality. Documentation about the CS framework is provided via a dedicated web page, http://wiki.gsi.de/cgi-bin/view/CSframework/WebHome .
cs-ircd	This is an IRCd based off of bahamut-1.4.35 that includes IPv6 and SSL support.  We will be adding more advanced features as well such as host hiding (+x), IRC operator levels, halfops support, more channel modes, etc.
cs-manager	Program made for fps game Counter-Strike 1.6, and also for its dedicated server - HLDS - cs 1.6. Ths program is tool for editing configs, making new configs, scripts and providing info about game.\nwww.im-srs.sk
cs-ode	This project allows use of the great library of dynamics ,ODE, with high level programming in all .NET languages.
cs-openal	This project allows use of the great library of audio ,OpenAl, with high level programming in all .NET languages.
cs-phpxml	Read-in XML tags in an array format accessible via &quot;paths&quot;. Modify existing XML. Create a proper XML string. All methods are used to programmatically read, modify, and/or create XML.
cs-pinball	CS-Pinball is a pinball game written for the Crystal Space 3d engine.  It is written in C++, targetting both Windows and Linux platforms.  It is intended to be an easy to use platform for building new pinball tables and using features of a 3d engine over
cs-pong	A 3D pong inspired game in C++ and Crystal Space
cs-prolog	C#Prolog -- A Prolog interpreter written in C#. Can easily be integrated in C# programs. Characteristics: reliable and quite fast beta version, command line interface, builtin DCG, XML-predicates, persistent predicates (using Firebird RDBMS), extendible.
cs-school	Register on SourceForge and after that request to become a member of this group to use all features.
cs-sdl	SDL.NET is a set of object-oriented .NET bindings for the SDL gaming library and provides high-level access to audio, keyboard, mouse, joystick, TTF fonts, various image formats, sound mixing, MPEG-1, 2D video framebuffer and 3D hardware via OpenGL.
cs-stats	cs-stats is a Half-Life Counter-Strike statistics system, easy to maintain even by non-advanced users
cs-tech-asp-dev	cs-tech-asp-dev is a web system development to be used on internet or intranet writed in asp languaje, cs-tech-asp-dev is one of the creation´s of Covenant Systems Technologies
cs-wiki	Wiki Add-in for CommunityServer
cs-wizard	A Java-based GUI tool to easily create, view and modify Schematron constraint specification files for validating XML instances.
cs-wrappers	linux wrappers for the csound synthesis program and some other linux audio utilities
cs2codedom	A .NET Library that provides a CodeDOM Parser for the C# Language
cs2spa	Spanish localization of the CMS known as CommunityServer 2.0 Free Express Edition. This localization is being worked by the DotNetClub Almería (Spain).
cs3	A framework for creating java GUI application by defining GML(Graphics Markup Language) only drag and drop GUI component in CS3 software. After define GML this software can generate source code automatically comply with the framework(View,Modal,Controlle
cs344tc	Development of a client/server timeclock application for use in POS settings. Running architecture TBD. Will interface with barcode/magstripe scanner, TBD. Will most likely run inside web browser, providing decentralized administrative access with no ext
cs352bittorrent	This is a console based peer to peer Bit Torrent file sharing project.
cs3d	A 3D graphics engine for use in 3D games and other real-time rendering applications using managed code (C#) and the .NET framework and supporting both the OpenGL and Direct3D APIs
cs3drpg	This project will bring RPG capabilities to an OpenSource 3D Engine, the CrystalSpace 3D engine, registered on SF.net. We welcome fellow programers who want to help on this.
cs401cve	This project is a collaborative visualization environment. It is being written for a course at UAA, CS 401 Software Engineering. It uses a client/server model and allows users to simultaneously view visualizations over a network.
cs46xx	Development resource for the Cirrus Logic CS46xx audio chipset driver for the Linux kernels 2.2.x and 2.4.x
cs4735	This is a simulation of piloting a spceship through an asteroid field. Written initially for a school project.
cs6725-prover	Automated Theorem Prover implemented in Java and using clause trees.  This software will be able to read mathematical theorems from TPTP and prove or disprove them.
csadmin	Counter-Strike AdminCenter (CSAC) - is a complex toolkit for managing Counter-Strike Dedicated Servers for Linux
csadminshell	This will be a very comfortable Linux Console Shell for dedicated Halflife/Counterstrike servers. Features will include logfilters, triggers, monitors a.s.o.
csant	csAnt is NAnt plus csUnit integration. csAnt is a make replacement for the .NET  framework.
csar	CSAR, Corpus Server Architecture, a set of libraries and CGI interfaces to facilitate user interaction with corpus management systems, such as CWB.
csautoupdater	Sharp AutoUpdater is a C# component that will automatically update your .NET application.  Using XML configuration files, the AutoUpdater component detects if there is a new version of the software, downloads, unzips, and installs the new files.
csb	Programers Knowledge Base, Code Snippet ( snipit ), Programming Resource
csb43	This project will provide opensource libraries to manage CSB43 format, this format is the EDI format  to access banking acounts information in Spain and right now there are no tools to view and manipulate the acounts information.
csbi	CSBI is a component based framework that allows for inter-component data sharing and access.  GINY is an Open Source Graph Library.
csbirc	Csb - A modular IRC bot in C#
csblackjack	This is a simple game of Black Jack. It contains simple graphics and uses Java GUI. It contains simple codes which are easy to understand. It is a game created for Java beginners as to understand how to create simple games.
csbot	Csbot is a program which responds to events logged by hlds_run, a server application for the multiplayer network game counter-strike (half-life).
csc	Designed for universities, this web application helps a community to become more self-sustaining, allowing its members to offer various skills and services to other community members at supposedly reduced prices and a higher level of trust.
csc-dmac-soap	The CSC IOOS SOAP/XML project is developing SOAP/XML schemata, Web Service descriptions, and software implementations of those descriptions to facilitate sharing of in-situ phisical and chemical ocean data parameters.  Linux/Apache/Perl &amp; Tomcat/Java
csc329	This is an action-adventure computer game project we are creating in school about the secret history of the library of Alexandria.
csc329rpg	This is a project for our CSC329 class as an experiment in creating an RPG. This is open source, feel free to download and test and play and suggest features/bug fixes as you wish! In order to play this game you need to have Sphere installed
csc4	Command Script 4 (CSC4) is an &quot;application control&quot; or application extension scripting language / virtual machine / compiler environment. CSC4 supports object member access, object creation and static calls to the underlying .NET Framework 2.0.
csc492-occluder	The system will be able to determine if there is a foreign object located between the projector and the projection surface. Once an object is found, the system will modify the projection to exclude that object.
cscache	CSCache is a very light, fast and simple Cache utilizing Soft-References and minimal synchronization in order to provide an easy-to-use in-memory cache with no configuration at all. Hibernate3-Provider included.
cscall	A C++ library converting average use of syscalls and C library functions into C++ context. Functionalities includes Regular files, Thread,Socket,Terminal,FIFO,Directory.
csccrypt	This is an experimental program that encrypt/decrypt/divide/join files. This program uses a new algorithm made by me, this algorithm is experimental and I working on it, every day this algoritm will be better.
cscene	C-Scene is a free online magazine devoted to C and C++ programming. We invite you to read and contribute.
cscmail	CSCMail is an X/Gtk based MUA.  It supports the POP3 protocal and can also read mailspool files/directories.  It supports multiple accounts, filters, GPG, MIME, Spellchecking, HTML Mail (view only) and a host of other features.
cscodedomparser	CSharp CodeDom Parser is a component, which parses CSharp source files and  produces the CodeDom compliant syntax tree (including comments in code, which are important for code analysis). CodeDom is language independent code representation, which is defi
cscommander	A Norton/Midnight Commander clon writen in C# with GTK interface
cscop	Team killing control for Half-Life Counter-Strike servers.
cscope	Cscope is a text screen based source browser
cscover	A GUI code coverage application for C#. Code is instrumented using a C# parser for accurate, and deep coverage instrumentation.
cscp-ws	WapSite is powerful wap site portal. It consist of page creator, news system, file upload system and admin panel. It is very easy to use. It uses PHP and MySQL.
cscraft	hello world rulez
cscrape	CScrape is an RSS application for craiglist.org - use it to monitor the latest &quot;for sale&quot; postings on craigslist for a specific city and in specific for sale categories.  CScrape is written in Perl/Tk.
cscreenshot	Continuous Screenshot takes screenshot continuously in a matter defined by the user: start time, duration, delay between shots, etc. The user can define a screen area to be monitored, so that the next shot is only taken when the monitored area changes.
cscript	CScript is an automated compile cacher.
cscs	a counter strike clone which will enhance a LOT
csdbfaq	This project hosts FAQs related to DocBook usage, to processing DocBook with common XSL and DSSSL tools. FAQ is provided in Czech language.
csde	CSharp (C#) Development Environment for XEmacs / GNU Emacs
csdepotcrm	CSDepot CRM is a web based application which tracks sales, orders, inventory, service, contacts, accounts, activities using a calendar module.  CSDepot CRM makes use of the Sofia Framework and is written purely in java.
csdl	CSDL, a SDL API class-wrapper package for Delphi.
csdm	Custom Sign &amp; Decal Maker - will provide a sign or decal makers website with the tools to allow visitors to design their own signs and decals online, receive a price and place that order into a shopping cart. It uses svg, js and html.
csdoc	This project aimed at making an application to generate documents for C-Sharp files, similar to what javadoc did for Java files, but in a smarter and advanced fashion. Will incorporate Java-style as well as CS-style comments.
csdoom	32-bit MS Windows (95/98)
cse	Managed C# Spectrum Emulator
cse-tool	CSE-Tool allows you to quickly and easily deploy your Google Custom Search Engine on your own webspace. You just have to fill out some info on your site, and you are ready to go. Only requirement is PHP 4 or better.
cse3030	project page for cse3030
cseju	This is the project for developing Bengali localized educational software for school, college &amp; university students.
csengine	A game engine can easily make 2D or 3D games, especially the GUI sub engine.
cser	CSer, pronounced like the emperor, will be a lightweight, portable, library providing C++ serialization (also known as persistence).
cservapplet	CamServ Applet is an applet that can be used in conjunction with camserv so that internet explorer is able to handle multi-part JPEGs
cserver	C++ objects container running on Linux. A light-weigth and pure C++ alternative for servlet containers such as jakarta-tomcat.
cservices	P10 IRC Services for the Undernet IRC Daemon written in C++. We are also continuing the development of the old EUworld, thus our name, NEUWorld (new world)
cservicex2x	mIRC Services for Unreal 3.0 and above.
cses	C# Email Server (CES). Implements SMTP and POP3 components that can be used as a standalone server or as components in other applications.
csfax	Using current technology, create a comunication between Client and Server, easy and fast, and support advance features, groups, covers, users, folders, etc...
csfirewall	authenticating internet gateway
csfish	This project is part of the &quot;MRP&quot; AI course held at the Dept. of computer science, Comenius University, Bratislava, Slovakia. The goal is a creation of a machine translation system (partly) specific for the Czech and Slovak languages only.
csflex	A port to C# of a lexical analyzer tool called JFlex. Produces Java or C# source code files for scanning an input stream and producing a sequence of tokens. Compatible with CUP (Constructor of Useful Parsers).
csflipper	The project ConfigSpec Flipper (CSFlipper) is an Eclipse/WSAD plugin and standalone tool to manage clearcase configspecs as files. It also provides a userfriendly editor for editing the clearcase configspecs.
csframework	The wM Open Framework provides tools for project base on the products webMethods.(Error Handling, Transcodification Engine)
csfw	CSF is a tool that loads wordlists, and then tests them as logins and passwords on a website. Essentially, it is a brute forcer, with options like proxy rotation.
csg230netflix	Beat NetFlix&#039;s predictions.
csgallerytool	Gallery management application for Community Server 1.1+.  Queue and upload multiple images to your CS gallery.  Edit photo descriptions, rotate and resize images on fly and more.
csgbe	csgbe is a c# gameboy emulator. it emulates the main processor, sound, graphics and has a cool user interface.
csgib	ManDVD is a tool for simply create DVD vidéo. It is written in C++ with QT3 - The goal is to make a simply way to build DVD.
csgl	CsGL is OpenGL for the .Net Framework, providing support for OpenGL 1.1 - 1.4 and numerous extensions.
csgp	CSGP stand for Cute Short Game Project\nCollection of mini-games made to be compiled with FreeBASIC.\nbut each mini-game have to respects some constraints ...
csgrader	Computer Science Grader Assistant is a software to help teachers and graders in grading computer science assignments that has to be compiled and executed. It process zip files (one for each student), decompresses them in folders, compiles the source code
csgraph	CSGraph is a simple graph library. It provides the most popular algorithms to create and manipulate graphs.
cshare	cshare (from console share) lets you share any directory through a HTTP server. it&#039;s simply to use (just launch it from the terminal), fast (multi-threaded POSIX), personalizable (XSLT themes), and client plataform independent (you just need a brows
csharp-6809	A 6809 Emulator written in C# (C-Sharp)
csharp-bot	Sharp-BOT is a IRC-bot written in C# .NET, it works both under Linux and Windows. Contains all standard features, and some other ones :)
csharp-classlib	A set of useful non-visual C#/.NET classes
csharp-graphics	This project contains examples of creating graphics using C#, some of which can be used without modification in the Compact Framework from Microsoft.
csharp-lirc	Lisa is a class created in C# to make communication with IRC networks easier. It is event driven and fully objected oriented. At the moment it is still under development. There will be an alpha release in a couple of days.
csharp-scripts	A repository of scripts for the C# script engine that was created by Oleg Shilo.
csharp-sitemap	Port of the Google sitemap generator, from Python to Csharp aka C-Sharp aka C# aka .NET aka dotNet.
csharp-studio	C# Studio is an IDE for Mono/C#/Gtk#.
csharp2java	Automated translation tool from C# to Java.
csharp2vb	This project will attempt to create a C# to javascript interpreter for general use by the development community.  The primary driver is to create a strongly typed object oriented interface, in the form of C#, for javascript development
csharp3dengine	3D Engine using C# and DirectX9.  Initially the project will implement a 3rd person style with additional styles added as the project progresses.
csharpboss	An opensource application server for MONO/.NET
csharpbrowser	HeRMeS Browser fast and easy use
csharpbt	A fast, memory efficient Bittorrent client written in C#.
csharpcc	CSharpCC is a compiler-compiler written Java for producing C# parsers from a given grammar. This project is a version of JavaCC (http://javacc.dev.java.net) and accepts a similar grammar, except it supports C# syntax, in spite of Java.
csharpchargen	C# D &amp; D character generation system is a C# based application that will allow players to create, store, and modify 3rd edition dungeons and dragon character sheets.
csharpchurch	Eclipse plug-in designed to provide a comprehensive C# development environment for both mono and .net developers.  This is set apart from other plug-ins as it will be complete with all of the tools necessary for enterprise development.
csharpcommenter	Visual Studio.NET Addin for the easy management and authoring of C# XML comments in a WSIWG environment including the use of HTML and comment include files.
csharpderbyport	CSDerby is not CloudScape-Derby(for Java) but rather Derby forked/ported to CSharp. Specifically it is intended to be a native c# Embedded DB for the mono/net platform with the ADO.NET API instead of the JDBC API.
csharpdsa	A component library written in CSharp contains all kinds of DataStructures and arithmetic, i.e, LinkList,Heap,B-Tree, M-Tree, HashTable,Priority Queue,Set,Graph and some arithmetic.
csharped	Eclipse plugin to create, manage project, edit source codes written using .NET
csharpemu	Interpreter j?zyka C# w j?zyku JAVA Interpreter of language C# in JAVA
csharpgroups	C# Groups which is a port of Java Groups to C#
csharpirc	A project based upon the AeruIRC C# Client. The original project seems to be abandoned, so the entire codebase will be revamped and tweaked. The plan is to offer a easily scripted C# IRC client.
csharpircserv	IRC Services for the Unreal IRC server, written in C#, with a Microsoft SQL Server backend. Files are stored in XML. Services include NickServ, ChanServ, MemoServ, BotServ, HostServ, and OperServ.
csharpmatch	C#Match - C# Pub/Sub Matching Engine. Support for multiple operators, XML subject line, efficient matching algorithm
csharpmetrix	C#Metrix is an application used to generate industry standard OO Code metrics for the C# developer community.
csharpos	This project object is to create a operating system with the C# language, a one of the primary language in the .NET environment.
csharppersist	csharppersist
csharpq	New ICQ client written in C# by group of high courses students.
csharpreports	See Sharp Reports is an XML based reporting tool. It is written entirely in C# for the .NET platform. Reports in PDF, XCEL, HTML, RTF formats.Support for ASP.NET to web-enable the reports.Consists of Reporting Engine and a Development GUI tool.
csharptracker	BugTrackerC# is an ASP.Net application written using C# language. It is an issue tracker application similar to the Gemini, BugTracker.Net etc.
csharpunit	CSharpUnit is a simple framework for writing and running automated tests. As a political gesture, it celebrates programmers testing their own software.
csharputcache	A small C#.NET program to allow the cleaning of your Unreal Tournament 99, Unreal Tournament 2003 and Unreal Tournament 2004 cache directories. It will allow you to delete orphaned files and place good files in your various Unreal Tournament folders.
csharputils	An open-source collection of data structures found in C++ STL and implemented in C#
csharpvideoconf	Video Conferancing tool will be written in C#. this tool will be like msn video  chat but more than two people can communicate by their web cams.
csheets	CleanSheets is the first spreadsheet application that is both extensible and platform-independent. It features a formula language that closely resembles that of Microsoft Excel, and extensions for aiding end-user programmers develop correct spreadsheets.
cshellc	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
cshl-olf	An open-source program to control a custom-built piece of hardware called an &quot;Olfactometer&quot; that is developed at Cold Spring Harbor Labs.  Chances are this software is only useful to people that have this hardware, but we are making it open-sou
cshoot	A simple text based shooter game implemented with the NCurses text terminal handling library. Fly around an asteroid field and blow stuff up while collecting bonuses.
cshop	C-Vend is a PHP &amp; mySQL based online store application.  cShop aims to provide an easy to manage, fully customizable, and robust store management system.
cshout	A cute and customizable shoutbox features emoticons, flooding control, searching, a bad words filter, and more. It allows the admin to remove unwanted shouts on the fly. It still runs well for those using browsers with no Javascript/AJAX support.
cshoutpanel	The general idea of this project is to give administrators the ability to create, edit and manage their shoutcast/icecast servers.\n\nYou will also be able to give your clients the rights to edit and manage the servers.\nby managing, we mean start &amp; sto
cshttpunit	CSHttpUnit is an programming lib written in C# based on mshtml.dll, similar to HttpUnit.
csi4130demoart	Final project for CSI4130 Computer Graphics at University of Ottawa, Canada.
csicq	Csicq is a client-server application that will enable connecting to the icq network using a Java applet without, violating the applet&#039;s security restrictions. The server side uses icqlib to maintain connection with the icq network.
csid3lib	Library to perform read/write of ID3 tags in MP3 files. Supporting ID3v1,ID3v2.3,ID3V2.4 tags versions.
csil	CsIL connects .Net to the JBossMQ, the Jboss messaging server, providing JMS messaging for .Net.
csim	CSim is a general purpose discrete system simulation library wriiten in C. It adopts a straight-forward paradigm closely modelled on that of SIMSCRIPT. It is completely portable. It might be a good answer for quick-and-dirty simulations
csiniparser	CSINIParser is an .ini file parsing library for C#.
csinstaller	csInstaller will be a Java based install program similar to InstallAnywhere(R). Its main difference will be the ability to compile other source code besides Java.
csis	Call Script Information Sheets is an open source &quot;Call Script&quot; modeling system for support center and help desk related services.
csite2	A new AJAX CMS will serve your site&#039;s content to your visitors consistently regardless of browser types or JavaScript/AJAX capability.
csiter	CSiter is a content management system written in PHP. It provide user-friendly, hostig-OS-independence, lower-deminding system for creating site framework.
csjava	A collection of beginner-friendly Java multi-media classes designed to be used in a CS1 programming course.
csjb	CSJB (Crystal Space Java Binding) is a package of java classes, that can interface with the Crystal Space 3D engine, via Java&#039;s Java Native Interface (JNI).
csjbind	csJbind is an attempt to make a java binding for the crystal space 3D engine.
csk	Built from ground up using Objective-C and Mac OS X&#039;s Quartz Compositing Engine (now using Open GL for blitting), Cocoa Sprite Kit is a framework designed to make powerful 2D graphics applications with ease.
csl	CSL is a programming language with C syntax and comprehensive libraries. The compact scripting engine can also be embedded into your own applications as a powerful macro language.
csl-tools	CSL-Tools is a standalone set of Perl scripts and configuration files designed to ease creation and maintenance of a Linux-based Computer Systems Laboratory involving multiple architectures of both clients and servers.
csl-unmsm	Este es el Web site oficial de la Comunidad de Software Libre y Codigo Abierto de la Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos (CSL-UNMSM) Somos un grupo de estudiantes de esta casa de estudios decididos a fomentar el uso de Linux y otros sistemas abierto
csladder	Counter-Strike Ladder Management Software - Automated management of a clan based Counter-Strike ladder
cslagen	CSLAgen produces XML Metadata based on the CSLA.NET framework developed by Rocky Lhotka (www.lhotka.net).  The XML metadata can be used with CodeSmith, developed by Eric J. Smith (www.ericjsmith.net/codesmith/) to produce both C# and VB.NET classes.
cslib	cslib is a C++ service-based framework for building server-side applications on Windows and Linux systems.
cslocalization	CS Localization is a WebService and WinForm application developed to ease the localization efforts for the Community Server software suite.
csloggazer	The CounterStrike Log Gazer, or short csloggazer, is a highly customizable perl script to search through the load of CounterStrike log files. The user hat the opportunity to filter the files in a bunch of different ways.
cslogger	Extensible .NET Logger written in C#, w/ advanced message queuing allowing for complete asynchronous use (it won\\\\\\&#039;t stop your code).  Core system is in place with simple text logging.  Looking to add circular logging, multiple file spanning, and d
cslua	Cslua is a lua  plugin package for Crystal Space.
csm	A system monitor for use on the console. It has a ncurses interface and will have options for text only output on STDOUT (for use in scripts).
csmail	API similar to Java-Mail (TM). This API is to be in C# and will be available for the dotNet-aware platforms.
csmaild	A full featured mail server written in C#.
csmaker	Simple, standalone application to create contact sheet image files from folders of images.
csmazeguis	A maze c# gdi+ game gui with a c# dll backend for all the maze stuff. i&#039;m working now at a c# d3d gui. the backend generates random mazes of up to 3 dimensions (but it can be any number).
csmessage	Simple Text Messaging Object. This is a wrapper around a text payload that is associated with arbitrary &quot;sinks&quot; (files, stdout, stderr). Also allows for syslogd-type prefixing to text messages (ideal for use in logging), and can be used as a si
csml	The Cell System Markup Language (CSML) is an XML format for modeling, visualizing and simulating biopathways. CSML supports to represent several pathway types including metabolic, signaling, genetic regulatory pathways, and cell-cell interactions.
csms	A sports league management system for both real leagues and fantasy sports leagues. We are sport agnostic and community focussed, concentrating on the development of an online community of players and supporters around each league.
csn	A network infrastructure based on complete decentralization, strong privacy, and a social network based trust model, designed to support democracy by enhancing the free, secure, robust and optionally anonymous interchange of information.
csn-smartweb	This project is called SmartWeb and is intended to be a new way to use the internet. It will support MSN messaging, POP3 And SMTP E-mail as well as standard browsing, it also has a protocol unique to itself.
csnake	A simple ncurses based snake game.
csnes9x	csnes9x is a command-line based front-end to the snes9x projects program for running SNES (Super Nintendo Entertainment System) ROM games. It allows you to chose a directory to load the ROMs from and will display a nice menu to load up your games.
csnetworktester	C# Network Tester is an application that, for a given IP (one or more) detects the link status using Threads. The application requires .NET Framework (download at http://www.asp.net/download-1.1.aspx?tabindex=0&amp;tabid=1) and provide save/load of IP Li
csnews	This is another news management system, with fully customizable news templates, comments support and separeted template, MySQL support and an administrative interface to post your news. This one has user integration with InvisionPower Board forums.
csng	CSNG - Combat Simulator Next Generation. A .Net 2.0 based flight simulator focused on combat flying, featuring an extensible module architecture.
cso	Central Sign On is an Open Source server that adds all of the traditional user account management features to a web site. CSO runs in the same installation as the website, and the website code accesses the server using language specific access libraries.
csoap	Portable and very simple C API functions to write a soap client/server in c.
csocket	Transparent WinSock2 use for TCP/IP connections or UDP datagrams.
csockets	This is a cross platform C++ wrapper for the berkeley sockets C API.
csoftutils	Simple Java utility classes that may be of some use to people.
csopengl	A fully free simple OpenGL module for Microsoft C# (C-Sharp).
csound	Csound is a sound and music synthesis system, providing facilities for composition and performance over a wide range of platforms.  It is not restricted to any style of music, having been used for many years in at least classical, pop, techno, ambient...
csound5	An alternative version of the Csound audio synthesis language, with improvements and fixes.
csoundav	CsoundAV, a realtime-oriented version of Csound with animated graphics support
csp	The Combat Simulator Project is an open source project started by flight sim enthusiasts eager for a serious hardcore flight simulator.
csparser	CSP Canonical LR(1) Parser Generator. Includes lexer and parser generator. Supports all OS. Produces code as standard ANSI C++ w/ minimal STL and usable in commercial or non-commercial purposes.
cspfj	CSPFJ or CSP4J is an simple, hopefully fast CSP solver API written in Java featuring state-of-art search algorithms
csphonebook	csphonebook is a PHP/MySQL based software which was created to manage your contacts in your company in an easy way. This script allows it to manage all the contacts of your company in a central database.
csphpserial	Sharp Serialization Library serializes and deserializes primitives, ArrayLists and Hashtables, compatible with PHP serialize(). Use it for SOAP/Web Services communications where Hashtables cannot be passed otherwise, or saving to a file readable by php.
cspi	CireSnave&#039;s Protocol Investigator will when it&#039;s completed take a file and search it for any known protocol and upon finding a protocol in use will split the data into fields and display it for the user.
cspinger	Permanent ping program for given parameters
cspm	Complete System Performance Monitor 2 for Linux has evolved into System Performance Monitor 2 by hp. This program is being released to opensource.  Community involment is encouraged and appreciated.
cspn	CSPN(Cryptanalysis of Substitution-Permutation Networks) is the Crypto(Cryptography) tool that will be used for Linear and differential Cryptanalysis of AES,DES and all the encryption standards that will have the SPN as its skeleton model.
cspp	A C++ class library for Contour Advective methods in Fluid Mechanics
csprl	C# Clustering and Hidden Markov Models is a .NET Class library of statistical pattern recognition algorithms. Initial release includes K-Means clustering using radially asymmetric gaussians, gaussian mixture density models and hidden Markov models.
csproxml	Utility software and C++ library to convert CSPro (Census and Survey Processing System) files to XML formats (Generic &amp; DDI).
cspy	Este proyecto es un keylogger discreto en Java, con soporte para red y archivos de registro encriptados, con el proposito de proporcionar un monitoreo supervisado de estaciones de trabajo.
csql	Compact SQL is a light weight, high performance main memory database system with minimal set of features. Point lookup of one KB tuple shall be realized within 10 microsecs. Non select DML in 20 microsecs. Check http://www.databasecache.com
csquares	C-squares is an easily implemented method for storage, querying and display of spatial data locations, based on a hierarchical, grid-based representation of the Earth&#039; surface. Source code for encoding, decoding, mapping, etc. is provided via this s
csr2	PHP Framework application, IoC, mvc patterns, really multilanguages, OOP coding style.
csrcs-opentool	A OpenTool integrating the ComponentSoftware RCS (http://www.componentsoftware.com) into JBuilder, with effortless installation and good coverage of the CS-RCS featureset.
csrdrm	Digital Rights Management example library for C Spot Run.
csregex	Simple to use C++ regular expressions class. Works with all compilers with STL and any OS. Also supports UNICODE!
csresources	Collection of unofficial Cytoscape resources
csrobots	This game consists of a client-side API, a server programm and some GUI. Players develop the artificial intelligence of a robot, which acts on a playground and tries to kill other robots.Everything is implemented in c# and works with Mono.
csror	Full featured but relatively lightweight web site management application for the Ruby on Rails framework. Includes easy to use CMS page, product/order and article management system as well other features.
csrpg	2D remake of Counter-Strike as a RPG style game.
csrtd	Complete System Resource and Task Organizer (csrtd) monitors the status and behavior of the system and network resources. The daemon logs events and accepts client requests, which is used to retrieve data and administer the daemon.
csrtool	A graphical tool for generating RSA and ECDSA cryptographic key-pairs, creating Certificate Signing Requests (CSRs) from them, and combining the key-pair with an issued digital certificate to create a secure portable container (PKCS12, JKS, JCEKS, etc.).
css	This project is closing down. Please visit http://csl.sourceforge.net for its successor project &quot;C Scripting Language&quot;
css-anim	CSS-Anim is a framework making easy to create animations by changing CSS properties using keyframes. Animating a single or multiple properties can then be done with a single line of code.
css-cms	This Content Management System uses the full capabilities of CSS to create a site without the use of images or javascript!
css-editor	An EASY way to edit your CS:S and Mani config files! With the GUI you can forget having to learn what all those commands do.
css-gen	little tool to create StyleSheets
css2-bpatch	JavaScript CSS-2 Patches for IE and other legacy browsers.
css2xslfo	CSSToXSLFO is a conversion utility from CSS2 to XSL-FO, which can be converted to PDF, PostScript, etc. It has special support for XHTML. The tool has a number of page-related CSS extensions. It comes with an API in the form of an XML filter.
css4j	css4j provides CSS support for dom4j elements.
css4jdom	css4jdom is a simple API for manipulating CSS, and is closely coupled to JDOM. Like JDOM, it aims to be easy for programmers and therefore uses Java2 collections instead of the standard W3C API for CSS.
css4vex	A home for CSS style sheets written for Vex (Visual Editor for XML). This will include XHTML, DocBook and XMLResume. The project treats vex-toolkit and vex-editor as vendor software to allow maintenance and Vex development.
cssajaxfrw	This is a a transparent ajax based transport mechanism that creates more tightly coupled web client/server environment for highly RIA web applications.
cssbb	CSSBB is a forum based on CSS styles only, it makes it easyier for intergration and modification, as there is no templates involved. This forum will work on both linux and windows webservers and requires php and mysql
cssbean	CSS Bean provides utilties for simplifying the generation cascading style sheets in Java.
cssc	CSSC is a clone of the Unix SCCS tool suite.  CSSC is useful for working with existing source respositories that are already in SCCS format.
csscc	CSSCC is a Python-based tool which permits to change easily the colours of a CSS file. With a preview of the HTML file using it, tuning colours of a CSS file is quick, graphical and attractive. Requires wxPython module.
csscommerce	e-Commerce and Marketing Application using XHTML and CSS Tableless design stucture. Marketing tools such as A / B Spit Testing, Landing Pages and keyword analysis built in. Also has code hooks to integrate with OrderMotion.com.
csscripting	Free JavaScripts for use with Adobe Creative Suite
cssds	The Cold Shadows Server Development System is a set of prebuilt scripts, tools, templates, software, placables and other materials designed for the game &quot;Neverwinter Nights&quot; that allows a PW builder to create villages, mage schools, and other s
cssed	cssed is an scriptable and modular GTK2 CSS editor and syntax validator, written for the Linux platform, to help web developers to maintain and create CSS stylesheets for web publishing. There are versions of cssed for MacOsX and Win32, and BSD.
csseditor	Plugin for Eclipse that provides sophisticated CSS editing funcionality.
csserverwatch	Counter-Strike Serverwatch allows easy remote administration of counter-strike servers. You can kick or ban players, talk to them, read the live chat, send rcon commands and more!
cssgrapher	This library written in PHP5 generates simple bar charts without the dependency of GD.  The output is valid XHTML 1.1.  Perfect for shared hosts where GD isn&#039;t available.  Other graph types are planned to be added.
cssh	cssh -- central ssh&lt;p&gt; This is a Perl program that relies on Net::SSH::Perl. Its purpose is to allow systems administrators to run multiple commands on multiple hosts from one central shell.&lt;br&gt; This is the beta! Your mileage may vary!
csshell	A C# interactive interpreter. The majority of the actual parsing is done by Mono&#039;s mcs, but to the user it looks like a C# interpreter. The project is currently inactive. If anybody want to continue it, please email the current maintainer.
cssing	CSSing is a framework for web designers and developers with the aim of avoiding the common CSS hacks and improving the capabilities of the Cascade Style Sheets.
cssl	Columbo Simple Serial Library is an easy to use, event driven serial port communication library for Linux.
cssmerge	CSS Merge takes one or more Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) files and removes duplicate rules and properties. This tool assists large or multiple web sites to consolidate their CSS files.
cssnuke	The goal is create a flexible and easy-to-build-and-mantain cms that use only CSS for the graphics and that generates compatible code under the w3c standards without the indiscriminate use of tables and tag hacks. No DB needed.
cssocket	Simple Socket Object. This is a (small and simple) socket class built around BSD-type sockets. It is not meant to be used in a web-server, but provide a really straightfoward way to access socket-based communication. No threading, no mutex, nothing compl
cssourceadmin	A PHP web application for administering Counter-Strike: Source servers remotely. Current functions include player listing, kick, ban, temp ban, and sending message. It is password protected and allows moderators to admin without rcon.
cssparser	The CSS2 Parser inputs CSS2 source text and outputs a DOM tree.  Applications can also use SAC: The Simple API for CSS. The parser allow developers working with Java to incorporate Cascading Style Sheet information into their applications.
csspp	CSS++ is an extension of the CSS language to allow inheritance, functions, and constants.  For instance, you can specify the font of your page in one place and inherit it throughout your CSS file.
cssrpg	CSS:RPG Mod is a server plugin for Counter-Strike: Source. It&#039;s based off the UT2K4RPG Mod. All player data is saved into a SQLite Database. CSS:RPG is open source so that it can be ported to other Half-Life 2 mods or for learning HL2 plugin coding.
csssave	CSSSave` is a package for Mathematica 4, which extends the export to HTML functionality to use CSS Stylesheets for the html page. Also fixes some bugs in HTMLSave.
csstaggenerator	CSS-Tag lets you select every CSS-element you need and provides all possible parameters through drop-down menus and text fields. The complete tag will be outputed.
csstidy	CSSTidy is a program that optimises, formats and fixes CSS code. It is both available as executeable file (written in C++) and as script for webpages (written in PHP).
csstint	CSSTint is an utility that allows you to easily change the appearance (i.e. color) of your website, by modifying the CSS file(s) using hue, saturation and lightness modifications (HSV and HSL supported). Parse your CSS file in, tint the colors and save.
cstar-dev	C* (C-Star) is a new fully object-oriented language, based upon the C specification. It aims to provide a cross-platform compiler and interpretor, handling advanced features such as multithreading, unifying console-access, window-based interfaces.
cstaswitchsim	The CSTA Switch Simulator is a software telephone environment that can be used to test Computer Telephony Integration (CTI) applications.  The simulator complies with the CSTA phase II specification.
cstatest	CSTAtest is a simple test program to test the CSTA (Computer Supported Telecommunications Aplication) protocol and services on your PBX. It has been only tested on a Matra Nortel 6540 but should work on all CSTA phase II compliant PBX.
cstatus	Cstatus is an application that creates backtick output for GNU screen.  Monitoring several different aspects of your computer in your hardstatusline is easier with one binary.
csteganography	This program hides C source code in natural lenguage texts.
cstermin	cstermin is a minimalistic scheduler for keeping track of recurring events, like birthdays or one-time appointments. The appointments are read from a configuration file created by the user and displayed on the console or with the help of a GTK widget.
cstk	A toolkit for processing and visualising sensor data in real time with support for use with embedded platforms.
cstl	CSTL is a port of the C++ STL to C# 2.0 and .NET. The library utilizes C# generics, anonymous methods, and enumerable iterators, while alleviating some of C#&#039;s deficiencies (no C++ templates, limited operator overloading, no C++ style iterators, etc
cstool	Customer Support Tool (cstool) is a web based customer report management tool, based on PHP, using MySQL as the backend for data storage. It is more geared for use by not technically-inclined Customer Support and is easy to use and install.
cstore	A Column-Oriented DBMS
cstrikestats	Yet another stats program.  This one is a. Written in C++ b. Using MySQL to store the stats. c. TRUE 100% Custimization from a cgi web frontend.  Right down do the output will be customizable! (hopefully)
cstring	cstring is a small and simple C library for the definition and manipulation of expandable C-style strings. Strings are represented as instances of the cstring_t structure, and manipulated by the library&#039;s functions.
cstripletest	Considering the Specification for 3 programs, testing if 3 sides make a triange, and what type, given a date, return the next date, and a commission problem on sales, we are developing a automated testing tool to generate and execute test cases.
cstudio	Crystal Studio - a World Editor for Crystal Space
csudoku	Celtik Sudoku is an yet another Sudoku generator.
csufsummerproj	CSU Fresno ACM Game Project. A study in game design.
csuite	cSuite is a large &quot;suite&quot; of modules including a helpdesk, project/parts/client/workflow management, etc., written in Java with a MySQL backend.  Version 1.0.0 expected Spring 2006.
csulb-cal-app	A simple, file-based calendar application that outputs web-page fragments containing code blocks which use the &quot;hCal&quot; microformat. Event entry using a form and/or a URL (for hCal and iCal formats). Meant to be a near &quot;drop and go&quot; imp
csunit	Inspired by JUnit, csUnit brings the power of unit testing to the .NET framework. csUnit is your key to unit testing and test-driven development using .NET languages such as C#, Visual Basic .NET, Visual J#, or Managed C++.
csusmacmeclipse	To facilitate C++ development on Windows XP, this simple program installs the following software: the Eclipse IDE w/ CDT plugin; g++, make, gdb, and required cygwin dlls; the Java Runtime Environment, if necessary.
csv	This framework is written to support client-side validation for HTML forms. It is written entirely in Javascript to support multiple browser types.
csv-ado-net	A C# ADO.NET Data Class for reading CSV files
csv-mysql	A small PHP file that help to translate from a CSV to MySQL DB table, using the name of the archive as the name of the table, and the head of the columns as the fields names. You can specify all the characteristics of the fields before upload the data.
csv-sqlsrv2k	Data loader program using VB .NET - loads CSV files located on remote machines into SQL Server 2000 using the .NET framework
csv2dia	This program converts a CSV-file into a dia-file, that can by converted with yadia2sql.py into sql-language for many databases like mysql or oracle.
csv2ldap	This project provides the feature of adding csventries into a ldap directory
csv2ldif	A tool to convert data from CSV form to LDIF form.
csv2ldif2	csv2ldif2 is a command line tool written in perl that converts CSV files to LDIF files. Features: Platform independent, reads from STDIN and writes to STDOUT, ignoring/selecting specific fields of the CSV, choosing a custom base-dn and much more!
csv2sqlite	PHP Script that allows to expor file CSV data to SQLite.
csv2vcard	Csv2vcard is a program for converting *.csv (comma seperated values as e.g. exported by M$ Outlook) files containing contact information to the industry standard vcard format which can be imported by most mailers and PIM software (optimized for evolution
csv2xml	A simple csv to xml converter.
csv4j	CSV for Java provides a Java API for reading/writing CSV files as well as command-line tools supporting transformations and file comparisons. Useful for both developers and testers using CSV files for their work.
csvbeans	CSVBeans (http://www.csvbeans.org) is a Java library that allows to map CSV files with Java objects.
csvconfigurator	&quot;CSV Configurator&quot; is a program which permits to edit a CSV data file and start scripts using this file as parameter via buttons/menu entries which can be customized.
csvct	This project is dedicated to the development of Vietnamese language dictionaries.
csvdatamix	The csvdatamix project aims to randomize CSV input data files in order to conceal the original state of the data. Similar to data masking or data transformation. Also has mapping abilities to translate back to the original state of the data.
csvdiff	csvdiff is a Perl script to diff/compare two csv files with the possibility to select the separator. Differences will be shown like: &quot;Column XYZ in record 999&quot; is different. After this, the actual and the expected result for this column will be
csvdump	Perl script which will dump a MySQL table, optionally encrypt it, and email it to specified recipients.
csvg	Codeum Scalable Vector Graphics is a tool that will run on BeOS. Its purpose to is to  deliver 2D animation via SVG.
csvgui	CSVGUI (originally CGUI - renamed for sourceforge) is a SVG based graphical user interface library written in JavaScript.
csvobjectloader	CsvObjectLoader is a Java utility that takes a CSV input stream and class name to produce an array of populated Java objects. This has been useful for generating reports from HTML tables or spreadsheets, and for generating data for unit tests.
csvparser	A free Java library and extensible framework for mapping, parsing and unmarshalling CSV file contents into Plain Old Java Objects. It provides Xdoclet support for easy and painless mapping of CSV records to Java Objects. The library requires J2SE 1.5
csvplus	csvplus is a collection of Perl-based utilities for querying csv files.
csvpn	csVPN is primarily an interface-/GUI-application to be used as a graphical frontend for openVPN. Above that it manages different openVPN connections and provides assistants to configure them.
csvquery	CsvQuery is a query tool for CSV like data files. Queries are written in a pseudo SQL syntax. This tool is written in C language.
csvsql	This is an sql query engine for csv files, for when you do not have the time/energy/resources/inclination/whatever to load the data into a real database.
csvtomsrmsitems	A simple tool that allows one to import items into MS Retail Management System from a CSV file. Also supports Regular Expression rule based transformations. Written in VB for the .NET 2.0 Framework and utilizes MS Patterns &amp; Practices DAAB.
csvtosql	Csvtosql is a library and tool to convert any CSV-based data. It accepts multiple data formats (such as CSV, Excel, or arrays), converts it into SQL statements, and writes the data back in multiple formats (textfile, database).
csvtoxml	csvtoxml will convert parse csv comma separated value data into xml. a command line console utility that uses stdin and stdout pipe with more cat, pr, wget, zip, find -exec for added functionality. file streams term c c++ small fast parser unix win osx
csvtrans	transform a csv-flie. This means that the rows would by convert to columns and columns to rows.
cswa	CSWA is a PHP based analyzer for reactive analyses of syslogs messages from Cisco network equipment.
cswars	This is a program being developed for the Winona State University Computer Science Club (csclub.winona.edu) to help keep students involved in the major through a programing contest.  This is a 2d tile programing contest, including the tournament code.
cswebmail	CsWebmail - yet another webmail application written on PHP for CS department of BGU university with IMAP/NNTP/SMTP support. CsWebmail includes next features: address book,procmail interface,backup,WYSIWYG compose,messages threading etc.
cswiki	This is wiki-based web application that designed for university courses home pages.
cswinampsdk	C#WinAmp SDK - The complete Winamp SDK, the C# way. The ultimate C# library that makes development of Applications and plug-ins for WinAmp, a breeze.
cswm	Using delphi for windows the finding and the result management of online games. Major features: translation posts into English, search multiple IRC chans, setup game server, auto lookup steamids, detailed player stats. Use HL server, IRC and FTP protocol
csworld	ircU (P10 Undernet) services coded in Perl. Includes ChanServ,NickServ and Memoserv. Works with MySQL backend database, with a web interface. Kind of like Galaxynet so if you wanna compete with GalaxyNet download this!
csymphony	CSymphony is a .Net CodeDOM CLR Compliant Library for generating code in multiple .Net languages using any .Net languages as the base language. Write C++.net, C#, J#, JScript code in VB.net and vice-versa. Easily add new languages through XML config file
csymsg	This project deals with the conversion of the jYMSG java library (Yahoo client library) to C#. I have used IKVM.I have managed to achieve 40% of the conversion and need help with the rest.
csyntax	A graphical PHP coded thumbnail image gallery using either a simple text file database OR Mysql database. really easy to install. features include multiple image galleries, FTP import, alter the look and design, user tracking ...
csystemopt	A library designed to aid in the development of efficient and highly portable c libraries/applications.
ct-samurai	The Cardboard Tube Samurai is a warrior of feudal Japan, aid him in battling evil with his cardboard tube in an Action/RPG.
ct300	This is the project 300.
ct8k	CT8K is an experimental quantum chemistry program intended to bring state of the art methods to the desktop PC
cta	CTA (conversor de ficheros de texto) is a program to change the format of one or multiple text files between unix text file format and dos/windows text file format. With this easy program you can see text files correctly, whitout annoying symbols or comp
ctab	CTaB? : Search on specified On-line Database if a new version of your windows software (by a list) exist and alert the user.
ctable	cTable is programme used for draw HTML TABLE ,it can draw TABLE spliting page . It developed by SounOS development group with JavaScript .
ctag	cTag is a templating engine that parses an xml/html template and compiles it into a php cached script.
ctags	Exuberant Ctags is a multilanguage reimplementation of the Unix ctags utility. Ctags generates an index of source code definitions which is used by numerous editors and utilities to instantly locate the definitions.
ctai	This simple perl script parses a text file provided by AFIP, which is the argentinian IRS. This text file provides information on every person&#039;s or organization&#039;s status on tax issues.
ctalk-lang	Ctalk adds object oriented programming features, including an object class hierarchy, methods, and operator overloading, to ANSI and ISO C source code.  Ctalk allows programmers to use as many objects as they need in otherwise standard C source modules.
ctamp	the project that i will submit will be about customer tracking and maintanance program.This project will work on the web.The workers of a company may enter / change the company&#039;s customers&#039;  information.The development based on asp.net and orac
ctaskman	Console Task Manager (CTaskMan) is a console replacement of Windows Task manager.
ctbj3d	CyberToolbox for Java3D is a VRML2.0/97 authoring tool for for beginner creators who has not been studied programming languages.&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://sourceforge.net/dbimage.php?id=2642&quot;&gt;
ctbjava	CyberToolbox for Java is a VRML2.0/97 authoring tool for Java platforms. &lt;p&gt;The CyberToolbox is a first prize winning entry in the Java 3D programming contest which was held on 1998 :-) &lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://sourceforge.net/dbimage.php?
ctconvf	Converter Frontend (for command line converters / tools)
ctcs	CoreTech&#039;s Clan Scripts is a PHP content management system for online gaming clans. The game the scripts are used for doesn&#039;t matter, because CTCS is made to work with any online game out there. There are also many optional mods and add-ons to 
ctd	The Comparative Toxicogenomics Database (under development) will be a publicly-available, web-based database of genes and proteins of human toxicological significance. It is being developed using an Oracle 9i database, Tomcat, and Python.
ctdoc	This WordPress plugin integrates a generated documentation (like NDoc and JavaDoc) within your blog. Visitors are now able to blog on your software documentation.
ctdos	New microkernel OS
cte	This is an open project that is open to additions all the time. It has been planned that people that code in Borland C++ Builder, would simply ad a new feature whenever they have time. And soon it will be a great tool for coders.
ctec	A drawing program for chemical structure formulas, in the vein of chemtool, BKChem, EasyChem, or Xdrawchem.
ctetris	ctetris is a tetris-clone for the console, written in C by using the ncurses library. ctetris was renamed to ctris in October 2005. New Homepage: http://hackl.dhs.org/ctris
ctetrisa	A tetris game in java.
ctex	A full functional Chinese TeX system installation package.
ctext	Simple text interface designer, created using clipper/harbour/xharbour language
ctf	A multi-agent capture-the-flag package designed for teaching artificial intelligence concepts.
ctfdroids	CTF Droids is a online multiplayer game based heavily on roborally, the 1994 board game created by Wizards of the Coast. The object of the game is to program your robot to reach flags before your opponents.
ctfgs	Capture the Flag Scoring System acts as a game server in security games where teams compete against each other by securing their server and hacking each other. Comes with a web form to submit flags and is configurable in many aspects.
ctftp	CTftp un interface Web pour la gestion des comptes FTP sous ProFTP.  Elle offre aussi des fonctions de base pour la gestion d&#039;un compte FTP.
ctgames	Tile based, top down view, action adventure game written in Java. More details comming soon, as development progresses.
ctheme	Tools to modify the console palette in linux using escapes. Can set palette entries, blend an entry between two colours, reset the palette, and sleep.
cthgngmhelper	Test project for individual purposes
cthulos	CthulOS is a binary distrobution of GNUstep.  From this project we hope to increase developer and user interest in the GNUstep project.  Then with this support, add important features that are lacking from the current GNUstep. Proposed name: GenSTEP
cthumb	Cthumb allows you to create an HTML picture album from a directory tree with an index, several pages and thumbnails of your pictures. It can also generate the same page in multiple languages simultaneously, and with your pictures at different resolutions
cticket	Community Ticket is the world first .NET Open Source Trouble Ticket System. This project still in its very first phase (Design) but grows quiet fast. This project is meant to be an alternative to other customer trouble system available on the market.
ctifocus	We develop the PCPartner suite of ActiveX controls for integration of applications with Avaya Alchemy telephone systems over a network.
ctinst-maker	Simple setup program/creator. All setup data are stored as exe-files (can be reopened) Files/Data are compressed. No temporary files during setup Components and setup operations are script-based. Designed for vb6 programs (requires msvbvm60.dll) Uninstal
ctk	Clustering Toolkit
ctk-dns-chroot	set up bind as chroot unprivileged user
ctk-loadmax	Loadmax - wrap with load average limit.
ctk-quizz	ctk-quizz is a PHP/MySQL-driven voting / poll script.
ctklog	CTkLog is an amateur radio logging program meant for people who had used CT, YPLog or similar programs before but failed to find anything similar when switched from DOS/Windows to Unix.
ctkm	&quot;Catch the Knuddelmonster&quot; is a Puzzle/Action game.
ctksengine	This is the official CompTeks.net Development project. Our goal for the new engine is to make a community geared site, and what better way to include a community, then by making the source open!
ctl	The C Template Library Project (short CTL) is trying to create a STL similar Template Library for C99. It should be useful on any kind of platform and it is written in ISO C99 (also known as ANSI C). The CTL provides very fast Container.
ctlf	CTLF is a lightweight PHP web-application framework providing simple object loading mechanism and modular application structure. It lets you easily load predefined objects in any place of your code. It also allows grouping these objects into modules.
ctlib	CTLib is a small library intended to manage various configuration sources while offering easy-to-use interface. It&#039;s an ANSI C++ compliant library shipped in single header file and tightly integrated with STL and BOOST.
ctlog	[c]atch [t]he [l]og catches windows event logs from windows boxes and puts them into a mysql database. with the web front end you can easily browse through certain events and analyse top events/machines.
ctm	A collection of tools for collaboratively managing an LDS Boy Scout Troop. It should also be quite usable and generic enough for managing a non-LDS troop, cub scout pack, varsity team, girl scout troop, etc.
ctm4j	ctm4j is a concurrent task scheduler written in java.ctm4j is designed to be run as a alone web application,and it also support to be integrated to an other project.user can commit a concurrent task with a simply web UI .
ctmail	CTmaiL is a Web base mail account manager for Sendmail. It allow administrator to create and manage mail account, aliases and address. Administrator can give right to other user, allowing them to create mail account or simply administer their own mail ac
ctmbsd	CTMBSD is an attempt to make a portable version of original CTM (Cvs Through eMail) obtained from FreeBSD (tm).
ctme-cvs-php	Extension Container Transport Management B/S PHP
ctmessanger	This Audio/Video Chat Project is a client and server engine for build your own chat project.
ctms	The goal is to build a generic metamodel for describing foreign type systems in Smalltalk and a mapping layer connecting the model to the smalltalk application classes.This should allow maintaining external type descriptions (such as WSDL for WebService 
ctnhashproc	CTNHashProc is a Microsoft SQLServer 2000 Extended Stored Procedure that returns the hash of a given string. Currently the supported hash functions are SHA (SHA1), SHA2 (SHA-256, SHA-384, SHA-512), MD5, RIPEMD-160, Tiger.
ctocpp	The converter performs automatically the full process of converting the files of a C project into the equivalent C++ files. Classes are created, var and functions becomes attributes and methods and the changes are propagated into all files.
ctools	This is a community toolkit (sort of) written in perl. You can use it in your community by calling the functions that it has (like login() and logout()). It works with a MySQL database (thinking of making it work with PostgreSQL aswell).
ctopia	Chavtopia is Yet Another (hopefully) MMOFPS. Except in this one you use nearly all the objects in the world to your advantage (or disadvantage), and the sound of music. Against Chavs. Zombie Chavs. Using your amazing repertoire of in-jokes and innuendos.
ctorrent	CTorrent is a BitTorrent Client program written in C/C++ for FreeBSD and Linux. Fast and small are CTorrent&#039;s two strengths.
ctpc	&quot;Creator of Turbo Pascal Code&quot; is a cool project allowing to create normal length programs in Turbo Pascal knowing only the basics of TP. It has a set of creators (for example: procedure creator using database of TP procedures). It is only in P
ctphotobook	ctPhotoBook is a Photo Album Software, with layouting of photos on a page, real archiving, best quality printout for high volume, illimited number of pages including Resize, Rotate, Effects, Cutout, fast image browsing, poster printing
ctrace	CTrace is a multi-threaded trace debug library written in C.  It provides a simple, fast, well documented trace utility for applications and as such is especially suitable for use in real-time embedded applications.
ctracker	ComicTracker is a Java based comic book tracking application that will help you keep track of the prices, location, and details of every comic book in your collection.  It has a swing GUI as well as a convenient web front end.
ctrackphpbb	This is a complete security system for phpBB2 Forums. It protects against session cracks, floods, search overloads, worm attacks, BruteForce Attacks, Mass Mailing and much more to reduce Traffic and to protect Board and other MODs.
ctrio	portable string functions, focus on the *printf() and *scanf() clones
ctrl-mail	This program controls a lot of e-mail accounts in the same time and perceive with a personalized sounds when arrive emails in one of your accounts.
ctrlmedia	ctrlMedia: media center (audio, video, images, tv, ..) enginereed for car embedded use. Runs on Linux framebuffer/SDL Library using DirectFB. Uses external (opensource) libraries to reproduce contents.
ctrlrecorder	Control Recorder allows to record mouse/keyboard events in order to replay them later.
cts	Perl Electronic Mail / Fax Servers - using &#039;Least Cost&#039; Routing for Fax Transmissions over a Network of Servers (if available)
cts32	T4SD. Tool for project managers and project members to keep track of action items, work packages, problem reports, change requests, phone calls etc.
ctsm	Web-based enterprise programm for manage, calculate and storage data about marine contaners transportation at whole world. It developed for using at small and average freight forwarder companies.
ctsproject	The Collaborative Testing System (CTS) tests parallel software using various implementations of MPI. It works on multiple platforms and supports batch systems including LSF, LCRM and workstations without a batch system. It includes a numerical diff tool.
ctsqlivr	CTSQL Flow Suit enables to implement any IVRflow within minutes.\nSteps:\nDefine Database Connections/Queries for variety of databases\nDesign using CTSQL IVR Flow Chart Style Editor\nTest Flow using CTSQL Emulator\nDeploy Dialogic Cards(Analog/T1)
cttime	CTTIME (Co-workers Tracking &amp; Time Management) is a Time Tracking Project that will give companies the ability to track the time an employee has spend on a project, by letting them fill in their timesheets on a monthly base.
cttl	Common Text Transformation Library of C++ classes and functions to parse and modify STL strings. CTTL substring classes may be compared, inserted, replaced, and parsed with EBNF grammars. Compiled program implements recursive descent LL(INF) parser.
ctto	CTTO (Cycling Time Trials Organizer) is a java application used to organize time trials and produce result forms and track league results.
cttseelf	Esta é a documentação de um projeto de conclusão de curso feito na conclusão do curso de Engenharia de Computação-UNIVALI.É um conjunto de arquivos C e Matlab contendo a implementação da Lógica Fuzzy e simulações em sistema de enegia.
ctunes	A simple java based mp3 player that allows the transfer of songs over the subnet. Please note that network usage has not yet been developed and is currently being worked on.
ctw	CTW - Cooperative text writer is a php script that intends to help people to write texts in groups. Each user can insert, delete or modify, make a comment or request a explanation  of any paragraph of the text. The system maintain all changes in a databa
ctweb	Designed specificially for community theatre companies, this system provides a suite of tools to quickly and easily build a website to promote current and future productions, and provide an online searchable archive of past productions.
ctx-blast	Modified NCBI Toolkit for Windows, added contextual BLAST algorithm.
ctxencrypt	A context-menu extension to the Windows shell. Adds capability to encrypt and decrypt files simply. Support for any algorithm defined by the Microsoft CryptoAPI. Future release may add ability to use asymmetric algorithms if the demand is there.
ctypes	ctypes is a Python module allowing to create and manipulate C data types in Python. These can then be passed to C-functions loaded from dynamic link libraries.
ctypes4j	ctypes is a Java library allowing one to create and manipulate C data types in Java. These can then be passed to C-functions loaded from dynamic link libraries. This is based on the ctypes python module.
cu-batchmodeler	This project will develop tools to visualize and manage job streams for Symitar Systems Episys data processing solution for Credit Unions. It is based on perl, XML and XSLT. Additionally, it aims to supply various administrative tools.
cu-gis	A geographic information system wich helps to track agents that transmit their position every certain period of time. Maps are edditable and are capable of storing information about buildings, streets, etc.
cua-valkyrie	Multiplayer chess server and AJAX client. Will eventually be abstracted to a strategy-game server and client. Senior Design project for students at the Catholic University of America.
cuacslib	A web-based comic books library management system implemented in PHP+MySQL.  It aims at replacing the paper-records for circulation of comic books of student societies, while it would be suitable for comic cafes, VHS renting shops, or personal collection
cuanto	Cuanto is a statistics system written in PHP who doesnt require database to work. All data are contained in textual files, with a powerfull cache system.
cuaoffice	This is a Thai browser with several features you won&#039;t see in other browsers. Include : Word Processor, System Benchmark, Media Player etc.
cuatro-de-copas	Multiplatform game. Would ve ported to almost every plataform, includinq cell phones, thanks to the Java technology. Very popular in Argentina. The best game of Truco ever made.
cuaz	Amiga user group from Zaragoza (Spain). Developers of a GPL based encoding-library for AmigaOS.
cub	Combined Utilities for Beowulf, or &quot;cub,&quot; is based on work done at Compaq to integrate some of the best available tools to make it easy to build and install clusters of workstations for parallel computing applications.
cub3d	Cub3d - A project to tackle some of the most popular and demanding plugin and code requests for the e107 CMS (Content Management System) - http://e107.org
cuba	CUBA is a small framework for the development of component-based systems which can be run as EJB applications, AXIS web services or stand-alone J2SE programs. The component and programming model is similar to EJB session beans.
cubanlink	i haven&#039;t a full idea yet, but when i do i&#039;ll let you know
cube	3D game engine and multiplayer/singleplayer FPS game
cube-language	Cube language is the new programming language, based on the new aproach: multi-dimensional programming. The purpose of this project is to invite professionals to an open discussion about the language and create a specification.
cube-osx	Cube-OSX is an unofficial port of Wouter van Oortmerssen&#039;s excellent Cube 3D engine/game to Mac OS X.
cube42sysframe	The Cube42 System Framework is a library of classes for creating java based distributed systems.
cubeb	OLAP Reporting Toolkit
cubebot	Software design to run on all versions of CubeBot(TM). CubeBot is a simple robotics platform written in Java that connects to and is run from a PC.
cubebullets	Cube - Bullets (working title) Cube - Bullets is a sourcemod for the famous 3d-fps &quot;Cube&quot;. New Elements are: new more realistic weapons, other gamemodes, a more humanlike player-model and more models at all.
cubeclient	Cube is a prototype IRC client.
cubecms	Content management system (CMS) written in ASP.NET .NET 2.0 C# with Microsoft MS SQL Server 2005 as the backend. This CMS also uses FreeTextBox as the RAD editor and AspxLab web controls. It also uses DotLucene.Net as the search engine.
cubed	Cubed! is a highly customizable puzzle game using SDL and openGL for display. The graphics are themable with XML, and it supports many different play modes (including Tetris and SameGame).
cubedcs	CubedCS will be a free and open CS-clone for Windows and Linux written in OS indepentend language. It&#039;s based on the cube engine. ---&gt; The project has been changed to &#039;Police Forces&#039;!!!!&lt;----
cubedev	This project is for LEGAL GameCube Development. Most of the programs will be for homebrew. NO WAREZ WILL BE TOLORATED. This project will be for creating programs and for documentation of GameCube Information.
cubedoom	CubeDoom is a gamecube port of iD softwares&#039; popular Doom and Doom II game.
cubeforbatch	Cube is a collection of code you can easy include in other Batch Files.
cubeirc	cube it&#039;s a new irc client, aiming to Windows, Linux, BSD and Macintosh platforms, these include graphical and text versions. It is developed in C, C++ and Assembly.
cubelib	Cube Libary will consist of a number of classes to make it easyer for developers to write their code. A small script language is planned as well for rapid development.
cubemachine	An open source framework for building Servlet based web applications.
cubeobjects	This is a project about dynamic reports, it provide the enterprise solutions for report users
cubeonline23	The purpose of this project is to create the ability to play LAN enabled GameCube games over a wide area network. Three LAN based games released in 2003 will be supported by Warp Pipe; Kirby Air Ride, Mario Kart: Double Dash, and 1080?: Avalanche.
cubeos	CaseOs is an Public OpenSource Operating System it is an reactos clone and its goal is to be able to run Windows 2000/Windows Xp programs in a native enviroment on Intel/Atlon Proccesors later a support for PowerPC And other proccesors will be suppor
cubesat	The project provides software modules and features for the CubeSat Kit by Pumpkin Inc, http://cubesatkit.com/.
cubeshooter	In CubeShooter you have to shoot randomly moving cubes on the screen. The reticle scrolls in different velocities in dependency to the count of shot cubes making it more difficult.
cubesoft	3D, open source game develoipment group that is targeting games that are rpg&#039;s strategy, and shooter
cubetimer	Software to time and keep track of previous times for a Rubik&#039;s Cuber.
cubewidget	a Widget for Mac OSX, a fun spinning cube game.
cubex	CGI Rubik&#039;s Cube Solver - written in C++.  Fast, detailed, distributable, expandable, documented.
cubic	The BlackBox - austrians oldest, still existing online community is about to develope a new collaboration-ware.
cubic-bspline	A cubic b-spline interpolator in java, using De Casteljau&#039;s Algorithm.
cubicbrowser	A java program for exploring cubic fractals, similar to the Mandelbrot set but exhibiting a higher level of dynamical complexity. CubicBrowser provides the ability to explore the 4D Cubic Locus (and associated Julia sets) by viewing arbitrary 2D slices.
cubicle	Cubicle is an Enterprise Content Management (ECM) application written in Java/J2EE using a backend server and a web application as default user interface.
cubiclevim	cubiclevim is a COM Add-In to allow editing Microsoft Outlook messages (and some other objects) in an instance of Vim. Written in Visual Basic and using the Win32 OLE version of Vim, this is aimed at UNIX users stuck working in cubicles.
cubicproject	CubicProject aims to be a project management web application for agile software delvelopment. It is higly adjustable and focuses on usability and integration with other tools.
cubictest	CubicTest aims to make the process of creating automatic acceptance tests for AJAX web applications easier. CubicTest is an Eclipse-plugin for creating such tests graphically.
cubicunit	CubicUnit is a framework for writing unit test for the web sites that can be runned on Microsoft Internet Explorer. The focus is making it easiser to test AJAX based web sites.
cubicvr	CubicVR - High-performance object-oriented OpenGL 3D library designed to simplify the development process by providing multiple levels of abstraction to common 3D tasks.
cubism	Cubism is a clone of the action puzzle game Intelligent Qube (known as Kurushi in Japan).  Written in C++ using DirectX 9 for the Win32 platform.  Cubism is an enhanced, modernized version of IQ, but also contains a traditional, &quot;old school&quot; mo
cubita	Restaurant point of sale (POS) system that provides fast operation, accurate order taking and detailed reports with an easy-to-use interface.
cubnc	cuBnc is a multisite bnc for ftp servers. It allows you to have multiple slave-servers connected to one master. When you enter the master via normal ftp, you see the slaves as dirs. When you enter such a dir, you become logged in to the site.
cubop	Advanced music production workstation containing sequencer, sampler, mulitrack editor, virtual synths, mixing system with sends, buses &amp; effects.
cubos	From a third person perspective, you have to solve a puzzle to exit each level. It won&#039;t be easy... belive me.
cubox	Cubox is a PIM suite,its initial version is concentrate on diary(or notes) by now.It is planed to become an Universal Platform for personal Information(UPI),and because of based on Eclipse RCP,many plugin will be easy to added on.
cubsql	Cubrid (ORDBMS) client interactive terminal. (like: sqlx clone)
cubtrix	CubTrix is a graphical user interface with support for real-time applications. Built on top of a small, fast and efficient real-time microkernel.
cubulus	OLAP aggregation engine with web interface (slice &amp; dice) and relational database backend. See &quot;Documentation&quot; for more. See demo courtesy of Webfaction, http://alxtoth.webfactional.com/
cuc	A case tool for software functional requirements
cuchat	This is a video chat program that allows users to join rooms and quick message each other to start either one on one or one on more video chat conversations.
cucode	CU Code library aims to provide developers with a set of  communication and mathematics functions
cucoon	CUCOON is CUstom COntrOls library for ASP.NET. It includes controls like dynamic treeviews, charts,  tabbed pages, Image viewers etc. More controsl would be added to this library as the development proceeds.
cucoz	Ease your decision on what courses to take - for undergraduates in the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Visit our homepage for more details.
cucumber	Cucumber is an object-relational mapping system that provides a simple mapping between objects and a PostgreSQL database.  There is nothing language specific about it; you just need introspection/reflection/proxying &amp; a connection to PostgreSQL.
cucurbyte	Web community software providing discussion boards, chat, foto galleries, CMS and more
cuddle	A basic thread-safe command-line download manager written in bash. It can accept new URLs via command-line, semi-interactive interface or via pipe. Allows speed limits to easily and individually be set per thread.
cue	An attempt to develop a clean, professionally exemplar Ultima Online server implementation that serves as a framework for people willing to develop their own MMORPG server software.
cue2toc	Cue2toc is a program to convert CUE files to cdrdao&#039;s TOC format.
cueator	Apart from being a clever melange of the words &quot;Cue&quot; and &quot;Creator&quot;, Cueator is a java based .cue creating utility that generates a .CUE file (also known as &#039;Cue Sheet&#039;) needed to burn a .BIN file of binary CD/DVD/VCD/SVCD im
cuecatdotnet	CueCatDotNet is a component for .NET applications to allow scanning in barcodes from your CueCat.
cuecreator	The cueCreator generates CUE Sheets that can be used for burning Audio CDs. The benefit is, that you can burn an Audio CD with a various number of tracks by using only one MP3 File.
cuemambo	A collection of Mambo CMS Modules and Components created and Modified by Cue Media under the GPL.
cuemol	CueMol - Molecular Visualization Framework
cuentatiff	CuentaTIFF es un programa para contar desde un CD o DVD el numero total de archivos e imágenes. La idea es poder saber cuantas imágenes hay teniendo en cuenta que los TIF pueden ser multi-pagina, es decir, varias imágenes por archivo TIF.
cuesheet	An XML document type that provides a standard framework for describing bicycle &quot;cue sheets&quot;, which provide turn-by-turn descriptions of bicycle rides used by individuals and cycling clubs.
cuesheetmaster	The idea behind the project is to create a good editor for the CueSheet format. It also makes possible for the user to cut single mp3 albums into a separate tracks.
cuetools	cuetools is a set of utilities for working with cue files and toc files.
cuf	CUF (Client Utilities &amp; Framework) contains utility libraries and an application-level framework for building GUI applications in either Java/Swing or .NET/WinForms environments.
cuhal	An open source project for University of Colorado and IBM for software update delivery via RSS.  This project contains a server and client side.  Used to securely distribute software updates to multiple clients.
cui	Console User Interface is a cross platform library that implements a text (console) interface. It uses a consistent set of APIs to create/open screens. It also implements virtual screens, within the same text console. Platforms that are supported: - Linu
cuitechat	Simple chat server for educational purposes
cuitk	CUITK stands for &amp;quot;Configuration UI ToolKit&amp;quot;. It is a simple toolkit for developing simple graphical user interfaces. It is a Python module. It has two display backends: WWW and GTK2.
cujo	Console Utility Java Objects (CUJO) is a Java library providing text console services such as color and cursor control similar to Curses, as well as a text-mode HTML renderer similar to Lynx.
culebra	Culebra is a Python IDE, for use with Glade and Gazpacho for RAD in Gnome Desktop
culinator	&quot;The Culinator,&quot; pronounced CUL-IN-ATE-OR with a slightly muscle-bound Austrian twang, is a program to help everyone with one of the most important decisions of the day: where to eat lunch!
cull	The CULL GDK Project is designed to to be a complete Game Development kit that enables delevelopers to create and complete PC games in a short amount of time, removing the need low level coding.  The GDK currently aims to support rendering, sound, input
culmus	A collection of scalable Hebrew fonts for GNU/Linux.
cultbooking	Open source hotel booking system. Via a central api called CultSwitch it is possible to make bookings and set the actual availabilities in the hotels pms.
cultivation	Cultivation is a game about the interactions within a gardening community.  \nThe resources needed for genetic propagation are tight, and relations can \nbecome tense.  Cultivation explores self-interest, the common good, conflict, \nand compromise.
cumgha	It&#039;s a xml based CMS. This means that almost all is based on xml technologies (xml, xsl, schemas, etc ...).
cump	Originally this project was an exercise in software developement at IICM, Graz University of technology. Its aim is to develop a multiplatform stack-based modular calculator.
cumt	This projects aims to be an UML modeling tool and a set of reusable components for other projects.
cumulatedraw	GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL)
cumulus	Another file manager. We want to make new, oryginally, easy-to-use, full of innovations  and independed file manager working on few GUI libs (GTK, FBtk) and shell (SHUI), with parted source (core, gui ...) and sh implementation.
cuncisnake	A new generation snake game
cundctex	Ein Projekt zur  mathematischen Betrachtung moderner kryptographischen Verfahren und von Laplaceschen Fraktalen mit Fraktionellen Ableitungen. Das Projekt ist für die Forschung und nicht für kommerziellen Einsatz gedacht.
cunit	Automated testing framework for &#039;C&#039;.
cuny	This aims to house various tools to be developed for system administration cuny-wide including, but not limited to, linux log analysis and report.
cuo	CUO Impress is UML drawing tool for presentation creation. It&#039;s combined main feature of PowerPoint and Visio together.
cuon	C.U.O.N. is an business-programm for Linux and provide to manage a company.( see www.cuon.org ) You can set addresses, article, order, cash, etc. The newest Version is avaible at our Homepage
cup-language	The Cup Programming Language is a combination compiler and VM (Virtual Machine). The language is purely procedural, though allows &#039;top-level&#039; code like a scripting language.
cup-lex-eclipse	A CUP/LEX editor plugin for Eclipse
cupalu	New, still secret, technology.
cupcakecms	CupCake CMS is an open source content management platform. It is meant for providing designers with a quick and simple interface to manage small to medium sized websites. CupCake CMS is written in PHP under the CakePHP framework.
cuphd-water	The goal of CUPHD Water project is to build an open source e-infrastructure for water licensing and inspections for health maintenance workers at the Champaign Public Health District (of Illinois), and other public health districts that are interested,
cupid	The purpose of this project is to produce an agent that will allow easy integration to telecommunication switches such as the Nortel DMS 100, AXE, and 5ESS switch. This project will eventually include modules to allow it to connect to unix and 3270 termi
cupidcms	A Content Management System for match-making/dating websites.
cupidmatchmaker	Cupid is in some ways a validator for the Struts and Tiles application descriptors resolving references between file elements and web application resources. Beyond the validator, Cupid is a documentation generator that allows the developer to browse thro
cupidreceiver	Command line podcatcher, written in pure Python.
cupl	CUPL (Common UNIX Programming Library) is a library which includes some common functions developers need.Config parser, pre-forked daemon library, BSD socket interface and so.This library provides common interface to UNIX programmers and saves your time.
cupofjava	AdmIRC is a webmin module for irc server administration. It provides a config interface and advanced security and linking automatism support. Currently UnrealIRCD 3.2 and the services Anope and Epona are supported. Subprojects: irc newsbot and java tools
cupofjoe	Java Decompiler and Bytecode debugger.\n\nDecompiles up to and including Java 5 (but is extensible to support later versions).\n\nDebugs class files and shows state of JVM.\n\nContains Swing GUI.
cups	This project includes 4 main modules to use with CUPS : &quot;KUPS&quot;, a KDE administration front-end, &quot;XPP&quot;, a light graphical printing frontend, &quot;QTCUPS&quot;, a front-end and library for Qt, and &quot;CUPS-DRIVERS&quot;, GS drivers w
cups-mailto	The project provides a mailto backend for the Common Unix Printing System (www.cups.org).
cups4lazarus	CUPS: Common UNIX Printing System for FPC/Lazarus
cupsclient	CupsClient for Windows connects to a Cups server, retreives all printers (with name, model, location, comment, color, media, ppm). You can filter the result according to all information and install a printer (with a postscript driver) of your choice.
cupsemailptr	This is a simple printer driver and backend for sending e-mail through the Common Unix Printing System (CUPS) software.
cupsjuke	CUPS Jukebox. A Common Unix Printing System backend that plays music (ogg/mp3) files.
cupt	CUPT is a C/C++ test tool integrating unit testing with performance testing. It follows the spirit of current popular unit test tools. Plus, it includes necessary performance metrics in the unit tests.
cupydon	This project is dedicated to developing web sites download manager which will allow users to save their favorites sites in the mysql database. Saved sites are assumed to be able to be exported with cupydon to various formats, such as HTML.
cur	a semi-p2p file sharing utility, designed for enterprise.  allows specified users access to specified files, on a per-file and per-user basis.  downloads are p2p, but there is a server with organizational duties involved.
cura	Cura is an extensible CMS and framework. It leaves the presentation and business logic to the developer, but leaves the web application easy to manage by the end user. Cura is based on the model 2 MVC (Model-View-Controller) design pattern.
curare	Plone database management and analysis system. Curare allows the semantic analysis of data allowing the classification of databases based on their informational content.
curator	A powerful, themeable image gallery generator for static HTML pages.
curatordb	The Earth System Curator collaboration will provide a community database from which researchers can archive and query a wide class of Earth system models, experiments, model components, and model output data and results.
curcuitanalysis	to all the c++ geeks an project to implement the circuit analysis in a more efficient way by making a user friendly model
curd	CURD is Jabber-client written in Java and SWT.
cure	CURE provides a web-based environment for distributed collaboration. It was designed for lerning groups but is now also used to support busines collaboration. It combines wiki ideas with mailing lists, shared folders, chats, and room metaphors.
curem	CuReM - manage your contacts.
curio	curio is an DSSSL debugger.
curl	Curl is a tool and libcurl is a library for transfering data with URL syntax, supporting FTP, FTPS, HTTP, HTTPS, TFTP, GOPHER, TELNET, DICT, FILE and LDAP. The tool and library offer a myriad of powerful features and full protocol control.
curl-card-games	Developing card games using the Curl content language.
curl-email	Curl content language Email client. Includes IMAP, Base64 encoding, and SMTP support.
curl-loader	A powerful C-written HTTP, HTTPS, FTP,FTPS load generator, performance and stress testing tool. It uses real HTTP and TLS/SSL stacks, generating thousands of users each with own IP-address. Emphases is given to user authentication, login, and statistics.
curl-widgets	Developing extensions to the Core Graphics and Controls in the Curl Content Language
curlftpfs	CurlFtpFS is a filesystem for acessing ftp hosts based on FUSE and libcurl. Automatically reconnects if the server times out.
curlget	curlget (libcurlget) is a library that allows developers to imitate wget functionality via a C library. It allows downloading of embedded content, and more features are to be added soon. It uses libcurl and libxml2.
curlhandle	Wrapping of libcurl into a Cocoa class, to give Cocoa programs a richer set of APIs for net access than NSURLHandle provides.
curlinstall	cURL Install script - downloads, configures, and installs c-ares and curl. cURL Installation Script was created by FBSD-DEV (with help from the Unreal Code Team) for the remote include feature in UnrealIRCd.
curlpas	FreePascal / Lazarus / Delphi / Kylix - compatible bindings and object-oriented wrapper for LibCURL, the client-side URL transfer library, and TidyLib, the HTML parsing and formatting library based on HTML-Tidy.
curlpp	curlpp is a C++ wrapper for libcurl, a free and easy-to-use client-side URL transfer library, supporting FTP, FTPS, HTTP, HTTPS, GOPHER, TELNET, DICT, FILE and LDAP. libcurl supports HTTPS certificates, HTTP POST, HTTP PUT, FTP uploading, kerberos, HTTP
curlunit	CurlUnit is a simple framework for writing and running automated tests in Curl. It is a derivative work of JUnit, www.sourceforge.net/projects/junit/, optamized for the Curl content language.
curly3d	CURLY3D - A 3-D finite element code written in Python to solve vector Helmholtz eigenproblems in photonics.
curlyankles	CurlyAnkles is a versatile library written in C on GNU/Linux, and has been written for GTK/GNOME. CurlyAnkles is an effort to marry docking widgets, customisable toolbars and menus with the ease-of-use of the GNOME desktop.
curlyml	CurlyML is a super-lightweight alternative to XML, properties files and BBCode. It is a concise data format for representing heirarchical data, and is extremely human-readable. Project provides parser, API and other tools using this format.
curphoo-kc	Curphoo is a console Yahoo! chat client written in Python. It runs on anything that has ncurses and Python2+.
currency4cplus	Operation with currency values don&#039;t work fine with float or double types. This C++ library implements operators in a decimal fixed point (x100) package. This package use only integer type internally multiplied by 100.
currenttime	This is a program to actually log a user off of Win32 desktop at a specified time.
currenttrack	Current Track plugin will update your Gaim user info, available message or away message, and buddy icon from iTunes, Winamp, RealPlayer, WMP, Musicmatch, MediaMonkey, XMPlay, Yahoo! &amp; Foobar2000 in Windows and XMMS, Rhythmbox, &amp; Amarok in Linux.
currex	Adaptation of Henrique Martins Currency converter to PalmOS 5.4.x using exchange rate information from the European Central Bank, Federal Reserve Bank and PACIFIC (Univ. of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada).
curricula	Curricula is a module for the PhpNuke that allows the system\\&#039;s users to publish its resumes and offers  work. Website\\&#039;s visitors will be able to select the resumes, and contact the user offering jobs.
curriculos	Projeto de desenvolvimento de aplicação WEB para gerenciamento de currículos (Inclusão pelos usuários e visualização pelos visitantes).
curry	A plugin for Q3Radiant that allows the user to easily view shaders.
cursed-player	A front-end for different console players (example mpg321)
cursedchat	A curses based client for Yahoo Chat.
cursescraft	A ***craft clone with an ncurses user interface.
cursuslinux	Een cursus linux voor beginners (met Desktopervaring op andere systemen) gebaseerd op Ubuntu-linux 6.10. Voorlopig in alpha, slechts zo&#039;n 5 procent van het totaal. Vanaf januari 2007 komen regelmatige updates.
curtsezclient	Curts EZ Client - Runescape Client with many useful features including maps, calculators, autodroppers, auto spammers, macros, saved login registry, updaters, and more.
curu	3D visualisation, manipulation and solving of Rubik&#039;s cube, the mini-tetrahedron (Minitet), and the mini-star.
curupira	Curupira is a powerful, full-featured, cross-platform, pretty-well-tested, well-documented and easy-to-use open source server application (shard emulator) for ultima online.
curveball	CurveBall is a 3D PingPong Game, originally written by PDMedia, using TableTennis likely physics such as spin forces. This Clone will solve the problems, caused by using Macromedia Flash. Such as inhumane networking support, awful performance greed, .. .
curvecaptor	Curve Captor is a free (distributed under GPL) vacuum tube modeling software that brings the advantages of modern computer simulation tools to design of vacuum tube electronics.
curves	Implementation of various mathematical curves that define themselves over a set of control points. The API is written in Java. The curves supported are: Bezier, B-Spline, Cardinal Spline, Catmull-Rom Spline, Lagrange, Natural Cubic Spline, and NURBS.
curving	Simple 3D pong multi-player game.
cus	CUS is a application that attempts to keep track of the status of computer users.  It tracks Location, name, Phone #, Status (In,Away,Busy,etc), and how long they have been at that status.  The Client runs on windows, and server should run on many OS&#03
cuseeme	An easy to use Opensource multiconferencing solution, for mac and pc.
cusp	Comic Update Script for PHP (CUSP) is a new software package that will revolutionize how you run your comic site. CUSP allows a cartoonist to take full control over his website while automating much of its tedious day to day maintainance.
cusp-parser	CUStom Parser - a parser written in Java for Java. It is lightweight, simple, efficient and easily embeddable, usually requiring less than twenty lines of code to implement.
cust-full-auto	The customizer is a tool for technicians to easly set up new computers with optiised settings. It also automates the install of commly used security packages.
custom-erp	Business Maker, is a modular ERP system that allows you to customize your ERP system by turning modules ON/OFF.
custom-executor	Custom Executor was created to facilitate the integration of dual / multiprocessor systems into the public. It helps end users control the processing power devoted by the system more efficiently.
custom-ircu	A custom irc server based on Undernet IRCu.\n\nSubLinux Coder Committee
custom-os	This project (Fully Customized version of IPCOP) in mainly focused  more user interactive input and same output. It will be reduced usage of memory and CPU .
custom-phrase	A way to create and print your own cards for the Catch Phrase (TM) board game.  You will not be able to play without the purchased game, but once you have it you can make cards with any topics you want.
customalu32b	A custom ALU will be designed using Verilog HDL.  The ALU will perform addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, mod, and square root.
customdns	A modular DNS server.  It can be used as a dynamic DNS server, or it can be modified to fetch names from a pre-existing database.
customer-touch	CRM aka Customer Relationship Management are applications that manage customers in relation to enterprise life. Our project, Customer Touch CRM, is a CRM application for small/medium firms. The application is easy to use and install.
customercare	CustomerCare is a tool for 1st- and 2nd-Level-Support. It organises incoming calls and allows you to generate reports about the efficency of your business. It will also help you improving your services and guarantees transparency to your customers.
customerinfo	This Project is a module for the Xoops Content Management system, coded in PHP and using a MySQL database.  The module is designed to store customer information for a company through thier xoops website.
customerservice	Courier / Shipping Industry specific customer service software that will run in the CSD department across 200 locations that are connected only with internet. Customer calls in his complaint is registerd. the complaint is followed up till it is resolved.
customirc	Internet Relay Chat (IRC) Client. Based upon IRC standards, customIRC is being developed for Win32 (Windows) Based Systems, using standard C++ and Windows API&#039;s (No MFC here).
customkeyer	This Program can copy the warcraft 3 users customkeys.txt and run their game configs from a server to the clients this program desined for game centers and can be added in game centers softwares such as the &quot;game port&quot; and &quot;Caffe pro&quot;
custompropdbex	An alternate solution to MCMS Custom Properties: CustomPropertyDbEx moves all custom properties to a seperate database permitting custom properties for all CMS assets: channels, postings, template galleries, templates, resource galleries, resources, etc.
customrefactor	The Custom Refactoring and Rewrite Editor Usability project provides examples and utilities to let you use the powerful, less known, features of the Smalltalk Refactoring Browser and Rewrite Framework.  Write your own custom refactorings !
customregistry	This project provides database based implementations for the Websphere Custom Registry or User Registry for the security manager.
customreports	A community project about .Net reports, providing scalables, richs and powerfull reports.
customrunwindow	This application is an extremely well put together run window, just like the one that exists in every Windows OS, with a few customizations such as the ability to change fonts and colors of text and even the name of the application while its runing. ENJO
customtf	Custom-TF is a multiplayer Quake modification, allowing players to customize their role in the game to be whatever they want.
custos	Custos is a .NET assembly and COM object to store secrets using DAPI. Usable by both ASP and ASP.NET projects. Additionally a manager application is provided to help create the required Registry entries.
custwinapi	Possibly the most powerful custom Window API for Microsoft Windows yet... It is a C++, MFC  extension that aids not only creating but dynamically changing all of the user-interface  furniture of your application, e.g. menus, buttons, windows, etc.
cut	CUT is a simple, to-the-point unit testing system.  It&#039;s different from other unit test packages in that it follows the KISS principle.  It&#039;s designed for C testing, not designed to emulate SUnit.
cut2	cut2 is a command line tool for extracting sections of each line from a file or stdin. cut2 is designed to treat multiple delimiters in sequence as a single delimiter.
cutassistant	Cut Assistant helps cutting video files. It does not do the cutting itself but is a windows GUI for external video cut applications. Integrated video player. Cuts can be saved in cutlists. Cutlists can be exchanged with other users over a cutlist server.
cute	CUTE is a Qt and Scintilla based programmers text editor. It can be extended and customized using the python programming language and is available on linux/unix. The editor supports syntax highlighting for many languages, tags files and projects.
cutecom	Cutecom is a graphical serial device terminal, IOW an alternative to minicom. It is aimed mainly at hardware developers who need a terminal to talk to their custom hardware. It is written using the Qt library and was inspired by the terminal Bray++.
cutedesktop	CuteDesktop is planned to be a new desktop shell for Windows based operating systems.\nThe original Explorer interface is insufficient in many cases, it&#039;s CuteDesktop&#039;s mission to replace it.
cutedict	QT-based international dictionary, similar to stardict (stardict.sourceforge.net)
cutedsp	CuteDSP project will focus on creating DX audio plugins, also known as, DirectX audio plugins or DirectShow audio transform filters, or DXi synth plugins based on various open-source effects and synth engines.
cutee	cutee, a C++ Unit Testing Easy Environment. It automatically creates and updates Makefiles, \\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot;runner\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot; classes and main test application. You\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;ll only need to write your very own test functions.
cuteflow	CuteFlow is a webbased document circulation/workflow tool. Users are able to define &quot;documents&quot; which are send step by step to every user in a list. It&#039;s an electronical way for doing (i.e. internal) document circulations.
cuteforum	This is a simple and cute discussion board created with PHP and have only one MySql table. It&#039;s veri fast and simple for install. Just create DB discussion and use discussion.sql.
cuteipconfig	CuteIPConfig is a GUI tool which helps people quickly switch network configurations on their Windows.  This tool is quite useful for laptop users. When they are moving, they just need to click one button to switch to new network with this tool.
cutekjfork	The Ken-jutsu fork of the popular news/blog script known as Cutenews (http://www.cutephp.com). This script requires no SQL database of any type, allowing it to be used on any server with PHP 4 installed. Works best with the Apache webserver.
cutemarks	&quot;CuteMarks&quot; is a cute little bookmark manager for public and/or private use on a Webserver with the help of PHP and MySQL. It&#039;s speciality is to work without cookies, javascript and graphics but still maintaining the full flavours of bookm
cutemouse	CuteMouse is a DOS based mouse driver, fully written in assembly language. It&#039;s optimized for size (and speed) to allocate as small as possible amount of your precious 640KB RAM.It currently supports serial and PS/2 mice.
cutepaint	cutePaint is an easy to use image manipulating toolkit for those who miss MS-Paint like utility in Linux based platforms. This features additional image processing tools also for simple image processing jobs.
cutepr	CuteFTP Password Recovery (cutepr) is a small utility that recovers passwords stored in CuteFTP&#039;s database, sm.dat. Sometimes users store the passwords, and then forget them. This utility searches through the database and displays all the site infor
cuteserver	CuteServer is a .Net plugin-enabled webserver. Each plugin represents a protocol (telnet, HTTP, FTP, etc) that can be bound to one or more ports at runtime.
cutesitecms	CuteSITE is a cutting-edge object oriented Web Content Management Framework (CMF). It features a strong through-the-web development model and serves the fastest template engine.
cutest	CuTest lets you write unit tests for your C code. You should use it because: (1) It has the cutest name, (2) It looks and feels like JUnit, (3) It is cross-platform, (4) It ships in a single .c and .h file for ease of deployment.
cutestarter	CuteStarter is a simple to configure CD autorun menu for distribution of software and information on disc.  End-users are presented with an easy-to-understand menu of choices for accessing the material on the disc.
cutetools	CuteTools is a collection of free (Qt powered) software. At the moment the only tool in this collection is Snippeq(a snippet management application).
cutevst	Various VST plugins ported form available open-source DSP effects and synths. VSTGUI will be used for the graphical interface.
cutfg	Auto generation of a unit test framework (c code) from a given C implementation.
cutit	CutIt is the CAD application for showing section cut of 3D Model. You can easily cut it(cutting 3D model) by choosing one of the three models, designed by famous architects and designers. CutIt will reveal the inside space before your eyes.
cutlass	Cutlass is C/C++ P2P application for secure chat, file transfer, and VoIP. It GUI&#039;s for Linux/GTK+, Windows/Win32, and (eventually) Apple&#039;s OSX/Cocoa.
cutthecrap	CutTheCrap! has the ability to trim down large papers by removing wordiness. It is fully extensible. Different filters can be added via the command line. There is a no gui option incase someone decides to use it as a backend of some sort.
cutting	Software for 2D stock cutting. It solves the important and difficult problem of material economy on the manufacture.
cuttingedge	Text Summarization Using Lexical Chain
cuttprov	HCEnc Provider is a program that interacts with the free mpeg2 cutting software Cuttermaran to make it support HCEnc (free mpeg2 encoder) for encoding the cut files.
cuviewer	CU-Viewer is a visualization tool for 3D objects created out of simple primitives. The objects are output by another program that writes in the native file format of this program. The intent is for simulation data viewing.
cuyahoga	Cuyahoga is a flexible CMS / Portal solution written in C#. It runs on both Microsoft .NET and Mono and uses NHibernate for persistence Multiple databases are supported.
cuyahogacontrib	The CuyahogaContrib project contains non-core modules and extensions for the Cuyahoga web site framework that are developed and maintained by various contributors.
cv-bc	????? ?????? ?? ???? Battle City.
cv97cc	CyberVRML97 for C++ is a development library of VRML97/2.0 applications. Using the library, you can read and write the VRML files, set and get the scene graph information, draw the geometries, run the behaviors easily.
cv97java	CyberVRML97 for Java is a development package for VRML97/2.0 and Java3D programmers. Using the package, you can easily read and write the VRML files, set and get the scene graph information, draw the geometries, run the behaviors easily.
cvagrant2	CVagrant2 is a multi-user-dungeon coded in C. The codebase is intended to provide a unique alternative to Diku-derived MUDs, especially in its coordinate-based movement system.
cvalarray	static sized version of std::valarray
cvcam	Development and hacking of the Cellvision Network webcam Stream format, and Embedded operating System.  This Linux embedded OS is used in Cellvision and D-Link cameras.
cvcpbb	A+ PHP Scripts is a set of various scripts that will rock PHP world! Forums, News Management System, CMS, Guestbooks, ShoutBox, etc...
cvdbms	The purpose of &quot; ChessViewer DBMS&quot; is to analyze and review Chess games from around the world and to build a personal collection of games for easy retrieval and study.  Written in 100% pure Java.
cve	CVE is a collaborative virtual environment for education, especially computer\nscience, a combination of a Multiuser Online 3D world and a collaborative\nintegrated development environment.
cvga	CVGA is a managerial software. It may be used to manage video games and inherent stuffs. It may be ideal for little companies and for shops.
cvhelper	CVHelper - An easily managed repository of Curriculum Vitae information that exports formats HTML, BibTex, Latex and RTF.  Users need only update this repository to keep all CVs current.
cvimdoc7	a temptory project for chinese vim doc
cvista	this is a cVista support site and development
cvk	We have created a Custom Virtual Keyboard, intended for person with serious motor impairement. We worked with a French Hospital, &quot;Hôpital de Garches - PFNT&quot;, and our school In&#039;Tech INFO. NB: it only works on Windows 2000/XP.
cvlib-getput	A toolkit library to program more faster new ColecoVision projects in C language with the Coleco library by Marcel de Kogel and the Hi-Tech C Compiler (free for CP/M, but a cross-compiler version exists too).
cvloginfilter	CodeVergence Login Filter (cvloginfilter) is a configurable JEE Servlet Filter component that provides developer that provides off-the-shelf login filtering functionality to your JEE (J2EE) application.
cvm	CVM is the CAPI Voice Mail System, designed to replace vgetty for Linux answering machine services. It aims to provide an API similar to vgetty&#039;s, but instead works via CAPI 2.0. We hope to develop a product that runs more stable than vgetty/isdn4li
cvmlib	CVM C++ Class Library encapsulates concepts of vector and square, band, symmetrix and hermitian matrices in Euclidean space of real and complex numbers. It utilizes BLAS and LAPACK Fortran libraries. See http://cvmlib.com for binaries and more details.
cvo	CVOrganizer is a set of PHP scripts, that is helpful for managing a bunch of job aplications. It can help the so called &quot;human resources managers&quot;. The set includes a full and customisable web interface. The job applicants have to fill in a for
cvpframework	CVPFrameWork is a complete framework solution for PHP developers based on objectual modeling in PHP5. Includes complete set of Native Classes (like String, Integer, Vector...), Sockets, XML-RPC communication, exception handling and much more.
cvr	A PVR for a group; record your own shows and see what others want to watch as well!
cvs-accesslist	This patch allows CVS to have a user-level security for the modules. A person is only able to make operations(in pserver mode) if he has the given permissions.
cvs-anywhere	An easy to use cvs document control tool for private and public documents. Control interfaces for posting and browsing:  Web server (python cgi), Email responder(Based on Jeepers), Other(s)
cvs-dotnet	enable MS VS .NET to use CVS
cvs-ext	This Shell Extension integrates the CVS version control system into Windows Explorer. It provides status indicators, extra columns, property pages and other types of information about files that are under source control.
cvs-get	cvs-get is a perl script that enables users a simple way of grabbing the latest cvs snapshots of their favorite modules.
cvs-intro	Documentacion of CVS management and access to low level input output functions in Windows
cvs-repository	Internet source repository. PHP based browsing tool to wiev projects and modify them
cvs-rtag	Tool for project history creation based on parsing cvs log output .
cvs-snap-bot	Snapthiscvs is a complex cvs snapshot tool. Create different formats like tar.gz, bzip, zip and show them in one page html with all details like creation date, built number, time left to next built creation, change log, compile log etc.
cvs-stats	CVS Statistics generator written in PHP. This program will show the file checkins and adds from a cvs logfile.
cvs-summary	CVS-Summary is a program that generates an HTML summary of CVS activity, very similar to that provided by the popular ViewCVS script.  CVS-Summary differs from ViewCVS in that it dumps the summary information to static HTML files which can be served by n
cvs-syncmail	syncmail is a CVS notification tool which can provide a diff for every change to a CVS repository, mailed to specified email addresses.  This tool is useful for large communities to monitor activity, and is used for Python and many other active projects.
cvs-syncmail-pl	cvs-syncmail is a CVS notification tool for mailing a unified or context diff for every change to a CVS repository to specified email addresses.
cvs-tools	CVS tools - set of utilities for users, project/build managers and system administrators. The tools use platform independent languages like bash, Perl, Python or Java. Platform support Win32/Cygwin and Linux based file systems.
cvs-users	An editor for the CVS pserver password file. Supports both GUI and shell mode.
cvs-utilities	Set of utilities to be used with cvs, including the possibility to have a local copy of a work and use it with two repositories, allowing you to make progressive changes in your code that will be later seen as one change in a remote repository.
cvs4iis	CVS web viewer for IIS/VB/COM+/ASP - similar to ViewCVS but targeted for Windows. It contains a forum for discussing code sections. (This project also contains -CVS Surfer- which is a stand-alone desktop CVS viewer. The code is similar to cvs4iis.)
cvs4me	This is project for my education of CVS
cvsatron	We&#039;re an OTServ development team that&#039;s seperating from the base CVS to make our own CVS.
cvsauth	cvsauth is an authentication daemon for the CVS pserver method.
cvsbookmarks	A patch for CVS that allows bookmarks (stored in ~/.cvsbookmarks file) to be used instead of long and complex repository names.
cvsbox	Chat program w/ encryption in C++
cvsbrowser	CVSBrowser provides web-based access to view CVS repositories, based on the cvs &#039;modules&#039; file to more accurately reflecting the repository, and handling multiple repositories with individual configurations.
cvsbugz	The cvsbugz project is an integration between the cvs revision management system, and the bugzilla bug tracking system.  Cvsbugz verifies that referenced bugs exist in bugzilla before allowing a commit to continue.  All commits are logged to Bugzilla.
cvsbz	PHP shell script to parse cvs log messages for bug numbers, and post the log message and file/revisions as a corresponding Bugzilla comment. Includes Bugzilla patch for ViewCVS and private comments.
cvschangelog	CVS ChangeLog View Eclipse Plugin.
cvschangelogb	cvschangelogbuilder is an utility to generate advanced, differential and grpahical changelogs for a project hosted on a CVS server. It provides a better output than the &#039;cvs log&#039; command, pemit to choose the sort criteria and allows &quot;diffe
cvschronoview	CVS Chronoview is a client-side tool that presents a chronological view of the history of multiple files in a CVS repository.  It does not rely on any server-side tool.
cvsclient	CVS Client is a Java servlet-based web application which provides client functionalities for various version control systems. Unlike most web-based CVS clients, CVS Client implements full range of client functions including checkout, update, and commit.
cvsclogd	Perl script which automates the process of creating ChangeLog files based on cvs commit comments. The script runs as a daemon watching for commits on your project files and updates the ChangeLog accordingly. If there is no ChangeLog file, a cvs add comma
cvscmd	CVS Cmd is a web based cvs front-end written in PHP/JavaScript.  It&#039;s aims is to be a secure, robust, and easily extensible web based front-end to cvs repositories.  This project is designed to satisfy the needs of both cvs end users and administrat
cvscommit	The enclosed Python scripts differ from most other commit notification solutions in that they coalesce all of the commit operations from a single \\\\\\&quot;cvs commit\\\\\\&quot; command into a single email.  Most other solutions will send one email per dire
cvsconsole	CVSConsole is a Console based Text User Interface for CVS. The Frontend is planned in Curses Development Kit. Unlike the shell kind of interface, CVSConsole is menu based and utilises the full screen (25x80). The project allows the user to browse the rep
cvscoup	Keep a copy of the CVS in your website, and stay updated. Requirements: PHP 4 and sockets.
cvscript	CV Script is an easy-to-use and professionally looking Curriculum Vitae manager. Present your CV online in different layouts/themes, languages and formats (+pdf, word). Requires php &amp; mysql.
cvsd	cvsd is a configurable chroot/suid wrapper for running a cvs pserver more securely. The hope is that cvsd will allow people to run remotely accessible cvs repositories more securely. CVS is a version control system for managing projects. The distribution
cvsdadm	cvsdadm is a tool to assist CVSd administrators in the user admin of the CVSROOT/passwd, CVSROOT/readers, CVSROOT/writers files when pserver authentication is being used for the repository. Cvsdadm is a fork of cvspadm.
cvsdelta	cvsdelta summarizes and manages a CVS project, identifying the local files that have been added, changed, or deleted, which optionally can be automatically added to and removed from CVS.
cvsdiff	This simple utility alows you to view the differences in branches of you cvs project in a graphical and easy to understand way.
cvsencoder	Encoding tool used to format videos for the CVS One time use camcorder.
cvsfinder	cvsFinder is an attempt to integreate CVS into the Mac OS file manager, Finder.  The end goal is to provide all the features of command line CVS through integration with the file manager.  Most of the work will be done in Cocoa and Objective-C.
cvsgdiff	cvsgdiff enables a graphical diff for cvs.  It is basically a graphical equivalent of &quot;cvs diff&quot; that uses an external graphical diff program to display the diffs.
cvsgi	CVSGI (Concurrent Versions System Graphical Interface) is a Java based GUI application  which works with the CVS archiving system. ?CVSGI? GUI acts as an interface between the user and the CVS system.
cvsgrab	A simple CVS client that bypass any firewall blocking port 2401 used by cvs. It relies on the ViewCVS web interface to the repository to work. To use when all other solutions (SSH...) fail
cvsgui	The CvsGui project is providing several high-end interface clients (WinCvs, MacCvs, gCvs) written in C++ using popular frameworks (MFC, PowerPlant, GTK+) with a scripting support via Python or TCL.
cvshist	A web application for searching the history of CVS actions.
cvsieve	A set of XSL scripts to produce a formatted curriculum vitae or resume from an HR-XML source document.
cvsin	CvsIn is integrating with IDE in a different way than other tools. It is a DevStudio Add-in. CvsIn&#039;s development strategy is to have the maximum gain with the minimum effort and to have the working and operational tool FAST(!).
cvslib	This library will be client library for CVS client writen in Delphi and may be in the future will include MS SCC API support for easy integration between CVS and Programing IDEs.
cvslines	The script helps commiting changes on several branches in CVS by creating a bunch of CVS commands which the user normally would have to create himself.
cvslog	cvslog is a set of PHP scripts to parse CVS log messages and store them in a MySQL database for easy querying. It is similar to cvstrac but does not rely on the history file, instead it uses the &quot;cvs rlog&quot; command to retrieve the logs.
cvsmonitor	CVS Monitor is a perl CGI application for monitoring activity in a CVS repository. It is somewhat similar in purpose to cvsweb, but far more useful when you want to keep an eye on current development, or provide a view into the project to the public.
cvsnet	CVS Plug-in for Visual Studio.NET, using VB.NET as programming language.
cvsnotify	c#.net Mail notification system to combine CVSNT actions and send notification e-mails to subscribed users. Primarily used to combine and mail Commits, Tags, and Watches/Edits on files.
cvsntdll	Complete dinamic loadable library implementing cvsgui protocol, allowing a much more simpler applications access to cvs repositories.
cvspa	Yet another tool for managing your project(s) in CVS. If you have a CVS repository and looking for a simple yet powerful way of watching your project(s) this is for you.
cvsphpview	cvsphpview is based on phpBrowseCVS 1.0,  it provides simple PHP class to access CVS repositories from local or remote (not soon).  It can do any of following jobs: lists, logs,diffs,annotates,checkouts,.... After all, I try to make it better for you.
cvsplot	Cvsplot is a perl script which analyses the history of a CVS-managed project. The script executes on a set of files, analyses their history, and automatically generates graphs that plot lines of code and number of files against time.
cvspluginextend	An extension for the CVS plug-in of Eclipse which improve collaborative developpement.
cvsplus	The cvs+ project seeks to provide a ?you would never know that it?s cvs? layer on top of the cvs protocol to make the system easier to use for novices and easier to setup for administrators. This would be based on a perl-tk and text-based cvs client that
cvspluschina	You can lock/unlock cvs resource in eclipse, if you are a CVS Administrator.
cvsprotocol	With CVSProtocol you can access every cvs hosted file directly through an URL from every Windows program which can handle Windows URL protocols.
cvsq	cvsq (CVS queued) is a tool that enables developers with a dial-up connection to work comfortably with CVS. It accepts same arguments as CVS but instead of directly processing them, cvsq stores all requests in a queue and handles them later.
cvsrepbrowser	CVS Repository Browser shows all the items stored in the given CVS repository, using a graphical interface similar to the Windows&#039; File Explorer.
cvsreport	CVSreport formats and mails configurable reports of CVS events (add, remove, modify). It is meant to cooperate with cvsweb/viewcvs CGIs.
cvsreports	Very simple project for reporting on cvs repositories. Two independent implementations are being written - one in Java and one in Python. Thus this is also a comparison between the two languages.
cvsrepository	proyecto prueba de comingser
cvsrevclean	PHP script for collapsing revisions in CVS repositories (typically used to clean revisions of stored binaries).
cvsshell	CvsShell is a console-based cvs frontend. It provides convenient access to the cvs commands through a shell-like user interface. CvsShell is written in Python.
cvsstat	Cvsstat is a perl script which analyses the history of a CVS-managed project.  The script executes on a set of files, analyses their history, and automatically generates graphs that plot lines of code and number of files against time.
cvssupport	A suite of CVS goodies written in perl for the harried Big Project Administrator.
cvssyncsvn	If you are a person who is using Subversion for the Version Control System, and you are involved in a project that use CVS. If you want to synchronize your Subversion&#039;s repositories with the project&#039;s repositories, this is the tool you are look
cvstag	Reads from stdin the output of the command &quot;cvs log&quot; and prints the filename and version of each document in the repository for all tags found.
cvstproj	A tool supporting effective use of CVS for Smalltalk projects
cvsupdatecheck	An Eclipse-Plugin to improve the team-usage of CVS. Checks whether there are local or remote changes of each project in workspace.
cvsuser	Tool to allow easy management of user accounts on a remote CVS pserver.  Uses a client/server model with support for a weak private key system.
cvsutils	This project provides a coherent package of utilities that simplify the task of tagging, customising and packaging releases of code taken from CVS, together with documentation about release conventions and suggested practices.
cvsview	A Java/Swing graphical CVS project browser, primarily aimed at helping illuminate the history of the project, with particular emphasis on credit/blame allocation.
cvswebadmin	CVS Web admin helps with the day to day administrator of one or more CVS repositories all through an easy to install web interface.
cvswebpublisher	CVS Webpublish provides cvs to webserver publishing mechanisms, which allow the cvs- or webserveradministrator to publish any cvs module or branch to several remote webservers( apache, secondary iis). the project is driven by php or in addition with mysq
cvsxp	CVS XP is a visual basic, windows implimentation of the popular cvs protocol.  It provides a simple user interface to multiple repositories, and provides a way for you to see the modules you have right fro mthe program.
cvt	Video Telephone
cvtk	The goal of cvtk is to provide an easy to use computer vision framework that allows real-time tracking of color-marked objects in 2 dimensions.
cvtool	Cvtool is a general-purpose computer vision tool.
cvtsa	CVTSA is a suite of tools for GNU/Linux that allows users to administrate computers via web or email wherever they are, using browsers or email clients [via computers or mobiles] and without running daemons[opening ports] on their own computer.
cvw	The Collaborative Virtual Workspace is a software environment that provides a &quot;virtual building&quot; where teams can communicate, collaborate, and share information, regardless of their geographic location. For documentation, see the &quot;Home Pag
cvwmobileclient	CVW Pocket PC client is a Pocket PC application developed to provide users with CVW (Collaborative Virtual Workspace) that allows them to communicate, cooperate, and share information with others. It is written by C++ using eMbedded Visual C++ 3.0.
cvxml	The CVXML Library is an XML document type and set of XSL stylesheets for the web and print production as well as the metadata mangement and B2B exchange of curricula vitae&#039;s. Easy to use - create a pdf of your cv in seconds, or a DHTML website, or e
cw-catalog	jCart was superceeded by Tiny Marbles (http://www.tinymarbles.org/). You will also find the project here in SourceForge with the project name &#039;tinymarbles&#039;.
cw-driver	Open Source driver and interface for the Cowon iAudio CW300 and CW200 portable MP3 players
cw-evolver	A Java based, pMars compatible, CoreWars simulator with Genetic Algorithm warrior evolver functionality. Java 5.0 is needed. Run with the following command: java -jar CWEvolver-0.4.jar --debug --size 300 validate.red
cw-search	Lucene-based search library that leverages on the Spring framework to provide easily configurable searches with little or no intrusion in the application code. You can create indexes from any collection of POJOs and benefit from event-triggered updates.
cw-ums	Jum is a User Management System library, written in Java, that can easily be attached to any application. It manages users, user groups, and roles, and stores persistent information about users.
cwa	CWA is a program for building configure-scripts.
cwads	GAP (Groups, Algorithms, and Programming) is a free computer algebra system which is well-suited for algebraic and combinatorial systems.  CWADS is a GAP share package to add functionality for Cwatsets, a relatively new field of mathematics.
cwar	Civilwar is a console mail client, has been writed in perl, and works with the POP3 and SMTP protocols.
cwatchdog	The Courseware Watchdog is a tool suite for resource management on the Semantic Web.
cwatcher	cWatcher -- a program to index c files, and search keys which you want quickly.
cwb	The IMS Open Corpus Workbench is a collection of tools for managing and querying large text corpora (100 M words and more) with linguistic annotations. Its central component is the flexible and efficient query processor CQP.
cwbp	The ClusterWorld Benchmark Project(CWBP) is designed to collect tools and applications that can assist users and vendors in the process of evaluating HPC cluster performance.
cwc32	CWC32 has been merged with the Synthesis at http://sf.net/projects/synthesis
cwcan	Linux/FreeBSD device-driver for the ISA PC-CAN Interface PC-I 03. The interface uses a PCA82C200 Stand-alone CAN-controller by Philips Semiconductors.
cwcl	It is a java library can compute the difference of two words sequence. Specially it can process on Chinese words.
cweb	A framework for building, deploying and managing well-described REST-ful Web services, including REST-ful Web Services realizations for RSS, XML Topic Maps, Structured Arguments, and Workflow.
cwebtags	A program to generate tags for CWEB files.
cwelug	A collection of scripts, programs, hacks, and docs for modifying Linux distributions for non-profit organizations.
cwenc	The cwenc utility enables musicians working with Cakewalk music production software, such as Home Studio and Sonar. to export their original music to a compressed audio file format, such as MP3 or Ogg Vorbis, from within Cakewalk.
cwexml	The cweXML library can be used for easy XML parsing and editing. It creates an object tree representing the XML source and supports generating of valid XML source code and hghlighted XML source code as HTML.
cweye	Clockwork Eye is the agent daemon with modules, monitors your machine&#039;s resources, watches your services and sends traps. This project aims to provide a monitoring service and a relationship as agent-manager.
cwfb-pl	CIA World Factbook in text-based predicate logic representation parsed from the oroginal HTML pages
cwfdbd	A simple, small and useful FreeDOS distribution on one floppy.
cwfm	Complete web-based File-manager with Explorer-like interface. Requirements: server-&gt;Php4; client-&gt;browser with frames, javascript and css support
cwg-inside	simple PHP4 and MYSQL based content management system - originally developed for the intranet of the cwg-aue, a german high-school, but also useable for other educational establishments or whatever you want ;-)
cwgames	Clockwork Universe is a generic &quot;distributed-virtual-universe&quot; game development and hosting platform, biased towards adventure games (rather than e.g. 3D shooters). It&#039;s mainly an integration and service abstraction framework (without gfx.
cwi-framework	The Carsharing Web Interface (CWI) Framework aims at creating a free customer web frontend for companies that provide carsharing services.
cwick	cwick is a collaboration &amp; content management package based heavily on usemod wiki. It features wiki-style editing, weblogs, and css support. It is small and very fast. Visit http://cwick.sourceforge.net for more information.
cwift	CWIFT - Cooperative Work Implement for Teams
cwing	CWinG is a library written in pure WinAPI code designed to help Win32 programmers to develop their applications easily and accelerate common tasks such as creating and managing controls, communicating with the OS, handling events and many more.
cwispy	cwISPY is an ISP billing and management system. It features automatic generation and emailing of invoices, receipts and statements, a customer interface, a ticket system, and much more.
cwisstats	PeopleSoft statistics project.  The software measures and stores PeopleSoft user load data.
cwlan	Implementation of a management and configuration environment for wireless LAN. The core logic of the access points shall be moved to a centralized management platform.
cwlib	CWLib was designed to help web developers with common website functions: templating, translation, fors, tables, user authentication etc.
cwlogs	Cisco Wireless Logs (CWLogs) is a collection of perl scripts to track the number of users and manage the log files on your Cisco wireless network.  It will track the number of users per day/month and new users.  Script to send config changes also incld.
cwlr	Very simple single-thread crawler for web (http) written in perl. Supports links following rules and collections to grab information of visited pages (regexp based).
cwmessenger	CodeWiz Messenger (CWM) is a great new program from CodeWiz. As our first official application release, it can provide a quick, easy method of communication between friends. Just Download the program and register to get started!
cwmp	CWMP is a platform-independent parser for mathematic expressions. It is able to calculate a function&#039;s derivative automatically. CWMP only uses the STL elements of the C++ programming language.
cwordc	CWC - Crossword Compiler is a program for compiling crossword. Even though the programs uses brute-force to fill grids, it rely heavily on optimizations in order to be able to compile grids up to 15x15 and above in a resonable time.
cwordgen	Crossword generator that allows hand made construction, automatic generation through several algorithms, and support of .puz file format from most US newspapers.
cwords	This program aims to develope a chords, words and music arranger, allowing you to easily arrnage just words, chords and words, overhead slides, etc. all from the same source.
cworkshop	C Workshop is both an editor and an IDE for the C language. It enables plugins, syntaxic coloration, automatic Makefile generations and other nice features.
cworktime	phoca is a tool to keep track on the time you spend on projects. it is based upon time tracker worklog v1.8
cwpapi	The Edifice API is an interface for programmers who wish to write a secure web program. Written in PHP, the API has support for templates, configuration files, DSN based database management, and is fully language independent.
cwplaner	A PHP/MySQL system for planning of ClanWars, containing administrative options, advanced statistics and ranking of players.
cwplus	CWPlus is a crosswords and other word-puzzles generator that allows for generation of puzzles, for playing both on the computer, and printouts.
cwpp	This project is based on Microsofts IBuySpy portal project and community starter kit. This project aims creating a customizable and easily deployable portal code. This includes discussion forums, voting, downloads etc.
cwrapper	cw(color wrapper) is a non-intrusive ANSI color wrapper for common unix-based commands on GNU/linux.  cw is designed to simulate the environment of the commands being executed, so that if a person types &#039;du&#039;, &#039;df&#039;, etc. it will be col
cwriter	cWriter stands for Collaborative Writer. It&#039;s a full web environment for group work around documents.
cwruser	CWRUser is a collection of web services for the community of Case Western Reserve University (CWRU).  It provides a single gathering place for people to find information about each other, discuss classes, play games, and more.
cws	The Cross-stitch WorkShop is a Qt-based GUI application for converting arbitrary images into printable cross-stitch patterns.
cwslinkexchange	CWS Link Exchange Software Script with Backlink Manager, Google PageRank Detector, Reciprocal Link Checker for Swapping links on websites resulting in better SEO on Search Engines including Google, MSN and Yahoo
cwt	A command-line tool for applying the continuous wavelet transform with respect to predefined wavelets to sampled data.
cwterm	The lightweight terminal program for CW-operators(radio telegraphers). Could be used with radio in sthainght key or iambic 2 mode.
cwtext	Convert text to International Morse Code. Input is ASCII text. Output can be: - . -..- - on the console, raw 8bit PCM suitable for piping to /dev/audio, .wav files or even (mp3|ogg). Good for headlines on your MP3 player or code practice.
cwtlib	Continuous wavelet transform library
cwtrainer	Easy to use CW Trainer for Linux. Adaptable for both the Koch and Farnsworth method of learning Morse Code. Makes random tests or can read text from a file. Sample QSO&#039;s included. Uses QT user interface. Licensed under the GPL.
cwtt3xcacheall	Caches all pages of a typo3 installation. The pages are opened with help of wget.
cwxstat	Linux Software for the Oregon Scientific WMR968 Weather Station
cx-bsdiff	Python module performing binary diff and patching using the same technique as the bsdiff project
cx-freeze	cx_Freeze is a set of utilities for freezing Python scripts into executables using many of the techniques found in Thomas Heller\\&#039;s py2exe, Gordon McMillan\\&#039;s Installer and the Freeze utility that ships with Python itself
cx-logging	cross platform logging module for Python with a C interface
cx-oracle	cx_Oracle is a Python extension module that allows access to Oracle databases and conforms to the Python database API specification version 2.0
cx-oracletools	Cross platform tools written in Python that perform common Oracle database developer tasks
cx-oradbatools	Cross platform tools written in Python to perform Oracle DBA tasks such as starting, stopping and creating Oracle databases
cx3110x	cx3110x Linux driver
cx3dcc	CyberX3D for C++ is a development package for X3D/VRML and Java programmers. Using the package, you can easily read and write the X3D/VRML files, set and get the scene graph information, draw the geometries, run the behaviors easily.
cx3djava	CyberX3D for Java is a development package for VRML/X3D and Java3D programmers. Using the package, you can easily read and write the VRML/X3D files, set and get the scene graph information, draw the geometries, run the behaviors easily.
cx777es-rs232	Windows program to control your Sony DVP-CX777ES 400-disc DVD player via its RS232 port connected to the serial port of your computer.  Includes documentation and all source.
cxan	The CxAN project wants to make a generic component for setting up a Comprehensive x Archive Network. This component could be used e.g. by CPAN, CSAN, CTAN or CLAN (Perl, Scheme, Tex, Linux).
cxapelisto	Some web pages written in Esperanto use the so called &quot;ikso-sistemo&quot;, with special letters ?, ?, ?, ?, ? and ? substituted with cx, gx, and so on. ?apelisto converts those web pages back to the traditional Esperanto alphabet.
cxboard	CXBoard is graphical user interfaces for Co Tuong (Xiangqi). It display a xianqiboard on the screen, accept moves made with the mouse, and load and save games in Portable Game Notation (PGN).
cxbrowser	CxBrowser is a web browser with a new style of interface based on virtual desks.
cxbx	Cxbx is an Xbox emulator for WinNT (XP/2k/2003) computers. Turok Evolution is currently the only playable retail game.
cxf	C++ framework inspired by the .Net framework class library\nImplements its own collection, net, io, text, forms, xml and regular expression classes
cxfs	64-Bit journaled filesystem for Linux and Windows 2000, supporting ACLs, Named Streams, directory indexing, and Unicode.
cximage	CxImage is a C++ image processing library. It can load, save, display, transform images in a very simple and fast way, with transparency, multiple layers and selections, support for BMP GIF JPG PNG MNG TIF ICO TGA PCX J2K JBG RAS PNM
cxm	Xen for High-Avaliable environments
cxp	Clock XP is a .NET time synchronization client with support of different protocols. Its designed to operate on Windows 2000, XP and the upcoming Windows Vista. Its designed to provide a complete localizable user interface.
cxplorer	A filemanager for X-Windows with fast and accurate file type detection
cxtable	&#039;cxtable&#039; (stands for Cyber-X-Table, but I prefer xTable when referring to it) aims at creating a peer-to-peer-ISH network to be used primarily as the &quot;Card Table&quot; for old-time roleplaying in a new-time world...
cxterm	CJK xterm: able to input/display/edit Chinese/Japanese/Korean double-byte characters.
cxtest	CxTest is a JUnit/cppUnit/xUnit-like unit test framework for C. It is extremely portable since it doesn&#039;t depend on RTTI, exception handling or any libraries (including standard ones)
cxtm-tests	The CXTM Test Suite provides a suite of test data for validating implementations of ISO 13250 Topic Maps using the new ISO 13250-4 standard for topic map canonicalization.
cxuml	cxUML is a UML/MDA platform for Microsoft Windows, licenced under a modified version of GNU GPL, mostly written in C++/Qt
cxx-mserver	Internet Dialier and Monitor Server
cxxbits	Miscellaneous C++ code fragments
cxxgui	C++ graphical user interface library intended to complement Boost.  Focus is use of current C++ best practices.
cxxmserver	Internet Dialer and Connection Manager for a  lan gateway
cxxpager	The C++Pager can help C++ programmers to output long complex text (i.g HTML). It enables to embed C++ code in text files which use JSP like syntax, and uses STL based stream to output. It is the C++\\&#039;s simple standalone version of JSP.
cxxsp	C++ Server Pages is a partial Java server pages and servlet implementation in C++. It is written as Apache 2.0 modules, with the focus on performance.
cxxtl	C++ Trivial Logger is lightweight logger written in C++. Project is released under Boost Licence v. 1.0.
cxxtools	Cxxtools is a library of unrelated, but useful C++ classes.
cxxunit	cxxunit is yet another unit test framework for C++.
cxxwrap	Software development tool to generate JNI and HTML documentation from C++ source.
cya	An asset tracking database, with the ability to check assets or bundles of assets out to specific users.
cyacover	Cover Your Asp, a Python coverage analysis tool. This coverage tool correctly traces multithreaded applications and uses deep understanding of Python syntax to provide intelligent reports.
cyanide	A graphical isometric multiplayer virtual reality server in MUD-style. Rooms and server code can be changed online. At the moment, there is also an IRC link. Clients are available in Java and Python/C.
cyber-athletics	This project was started by the Swedish Athletics Federation and Ericsson, in order to develop exciting new applications for Athletics competitions. The goal is to make it more fun both to arrange Athletics events and to watch them.
cybera	Cybera is an Internet cafe administration system. It works with prepaid cards or client accounts or in a post paid Self Service mode. Features include workstation control, user rights lockdown, accounting, stats and screen replication for CAI.
cyberarmydirect	Features of Cyberarmy.com brought direct to your desktop. They don&#039;t want it, so this projects kinda dead, wish I hadn&#039;t started it so early haha. Any ideas for an alternate purpose (not an IM client): jwinsatt@adelphia.net
cyberbabel	CyberBabel is a Java Language Translation Interface(JLTI), it translate Java code logic to SQL statement. User can build SQL statement by using Java objects and object-oriented mechanism.
cyberbaradmin	CyberBar Adiministrador its a internet cafe administrator software for windows developed in VB, it will have many features like clients accounts, prints counter, special users and more...
cyberbrau	Cyberbrau is a brewer&#039;s tool.  It stores ingredients and recipes, categorized by beer styles, which can be used for producing batches.  It tracks the progress of brewing batches, as well has provides a comment/rating system for completed beers.
cybercat	CyberCat is an extremely extensible internet application for Mac OS X. Plugins handle every aspect of the program, so it works exactly the way you want it. Plugins are bundles written in Objective-C using CyberCat.framework, so anyone can make plugins.
cyberclanscript	This is an open source web development project to create the best in clan scripts availible.
cyberclick	This is a user space driver for the Ruwido Cyberclick
cybercntrlclnt	Cyber Control Client
cybercolony	An easily to implement and maintain community development software that provides a front end for a database driven community giving all members access to secured chat, data sharing, and e-mail capabilities.
cybercore	A service-oriented, cross-platform application framework (currently implemented only in .net) which is trageted to speed up and standartise development by providing a robust freely extensible component structure.
cybercorp	Here they are all works of cybercorporate. You find many thing here as IRC bots, remots or help for website develloping
cybercorps	The aim of the Cybercorporations project is to define and promote standards (both technical and a professional standard of ethics) for Cybercorporations and other pseudo-anonymous entities. The SourceForge project concentrates on making a reference imple
cyberduck	Cyberduck is a SFTP/FTP browser for Mac OS X written in Java using the Cocoa Framework.
cyberdweller	CyberDweller : a multiplayer SimCity clone with web based interface.  Game in progress 50x50 map, 20% water, 20% hills, 100 user limit (95 open as at Nov 16 2001 - sign up now, game has started!!)
cyberexplorer	Next generation of internet browsers (planning)
cyberfaktory	Promote unix-life (administration, developing, solving problems) and an open knowledge about it. The used language is italian, because there aren&#039;t so many resources about it. Probably I will provide a English version not very soon.
cyberfolio	Cyberfolio is an e-portfolio tool written in php using mysql database.It has plenty of modules, giving teachers possibility to create and share learning situations,create and share evaluation tools, and much more !
cyberhordes	The Cyber Hordes is a single or multi-player RTS game where each player builds robots and gives them various components (weapons etc..) and then general orders (e.g. Attack), which the AI of the robot will attempt to complete on its own.
cyberia-cafe-mb	Cyberia Cafe is a message board designed to provide artists of all styles, critics, and fans to share, show off, critique, and discuss art, as well as discuss daily life issues, in the spirit of Beatnik Cafes with anonymity and optional registration.
cyberirc	IRCd/Services Developments
cyberlab	A cross platform compatible application to interface with the Fender Cyber series amplifiers. Written in C++, and compatible with Linux, Win32 and Mac OS X. To allow its users to manage and create their own amp patches and share them with the community.
cyberman	An Internet cafe point of sales, control, and administration tool. Web based.
cybermaster	A Perl module to communicate with a Lego Cybermaster radio controlled robot.
cybermedica	CyberMedica Foundation - Improving Responsible Human Research Throughout the World by Providing an Open Systems Standard for Peer Reviewed Ethics Review and Decisioning in the Medical Research Clinical Trials Governanace Process.
cybermin	Programa para troca de imagens digitais entre filiais de processamento de material fotográfico
cyberphp	The CyberPHP Project&#039;s goal is to develop useful PHP classes for different use - parsing, database connecting, etc.
cyberpob-stg	A plugin for Eclipse that enables the user generate StringTemplate templates based on a UML-with-keywords notation. The project adheres to the MDA paradigm.
cyberpower320d	A UPS monitor daemon for the CyberPower 320 SL UPS which allows you to specify any serial port to watch or any shutdown script you would like to occur.  It is very compact and easily used.
cyberrails	CyberRails is an Empire Builder (Mayfair crayon train game) inspired game.  Players build track, pick up and deliver resources based on contracts.  Features include multi-player, extensible playing boards and images and fun, fun, fun!
cyberscape	Based on the Project:  Heat of War game engine (in development).  Ideally, users will interact in a 3D world through voice communication, chat windows, and various other means.  The engine will be capable of handling FPS, RTS, and MMORPG games.
cyberscripthp	A free open source Chat Program based on IRC.
cybert3	A multiplayer version of Tic-Tac-Toe, in its full 3D glory.
cybertester	Web-based application to allow teachers to create tests/exams/assignments and assign them to students to conduct online tests. Uses JBoss + MySQL.
cyberwebform	Web Form Architecture is a Java library supporting JSP Model-View-Controller program design. It uses XML as model, HTML as view, and Java handler as controller. The development process has been defined and proven very efficient.
cyberworlds	CyberWorlds - is a 3D chat project.
cybery-knows	A system for users to ask &amp; answer questions by paying or getting extra points as payments.
cybi	Lets stop pushing computers to learn our languages. Instead develop a new language for both of us with features like &quot;no exceptions&quot;, &quot;more meaning in few sounds&quot;, &quot;easy to learn,implement&quot; etc making it suitable for speech 
cybiko-reborn	New Operating System for the Classic Cybiko V2.
cybikojed	JED is an alternative to the Cybiko Graphical User Interface (GUI).  It is simpler both from the user perspective and from the programming point of view.  It uses a beveled 3d grayscale scheme, with 5 types of items (label, text, list, button, console).
cybios	Cybios is an online Game-Cybercommunity based on Avatars that interacts in virtual cities. As an Avatar you can live, work and play in The Digital-community like the RealWorld. In Cybios all could happen. (find friends, fights, build a home, commerce ..)
cybis	CybIS - Cyberia Intelligence System is a project for development free business oriented software.
cybnews	Sistema de gerenciamento de not?cias com diversas op??es, tais como: manuseio de usu?rios, modera??o de coment?rios, emoticons, postagem de not?cias, entre v?rios outros recursos.
cyborg	CybOrg, the Cybercafe Organizer, is a point of sales and administration system for internet cafes. It has a web-based interface and is written in Perl using Template Toolkit and a RDBMS. CybOrg uses a Windows/Linux client to block workstations.
cyborgserver	CybOrg Server is an integrated solution intended to be used as a cybercafe administration, control and Internet access server. CybOrg server is based on Debian GNU/Linux and includes CybOrg, as a point-of-sales and control system.
cybotcompiler	The CYbot Control LanguagE (or Cycle for short) is a Java-like language for programming Ultimate Real Robots&#039; Cybot and TOM robots, with an open source compiler which produces files which can be loaded into Real Robots software for testing and downl
cybroot	A simple C IRC Bot. This is a small project and the goal isn&#039;t the replacement of other main bots like eggdrop. The main goal of the bot: study C and socket library!
cycad	Using an http server to provide user interface, an operating system to give privileges to users, and a version control system to let users collaborate: Let&#039;s develop a useful tool for academic faculty and staff who prepare digital documents together
cycam	CyCaM Es un gestor de cybercafes pensado para ser pequeño, rapido, flexible y eficaz.
cycells	CyCells is a 3D, discrete-time simulator for studying intercellular interactions using individual cells and extracellular molecular concentrations.  Model definition input files allow simulation of multiple systems without recompiling.
cycleatlas	CycleAtlas is a cycling diary based on a custom road atlas. It can be used to store or to plan new rides. Functions includes generation of planimetry, profiles and route time tables of rides. A map editor is included, in order to create a custom road map
cyclebot	The cyclebot is a virii catching tool for IRC. It is made in C++, uses PostGreSQL for its database, and the website module uses PHP. We also develop a module for GNUWorld (http://gnuworld.sourceforge.net) called mod.cyclebot.
cyclecnt	CycleCnt is a client/server application that tracks vacuum activation cycles for In-Circuit Test (ICT) fixtures and testers, including HP 3070 (now Agilent 3070), GenRad 228X (now GR TestStation) and Teradyne Z1800 and Spectrum.
cycles3d	Cycles3D is a network-playable 3D game where the objective is to drive around an arena in a vehicle that generates a wall while tricking other players to drive into your wall and crash. Uses SDL and GLUT.
cycliclogs	A library and commands for cyclic logfiles. A cyclic log has a fixed size upon creation and pointers that refer to the start and end positions within that fixed size.They are useful for recording server output without losing the most recent data.
cyclojournal	Journal Cyclique. Permet de diffuser dans un lyc?e ou coll?ge des informations tournantes venant de diff?rents endroits comme l\\&#039;intendance, la vie scolaire, le secr?tariat...
cyclon	Application lifecycle solution
cyclone	Cyclone is a cross-platform game engine developed from DirectX 9 PC&#039;s and the Microsoft Xbox games console
cyclone-qq	Cyclone is a QQ client for Linux. Its GUI base on gtkmm.
cyclone3	Cyclone3 is a platform that enables you to create robust, well integrated and specialized applications of all kinds, not just Web/XHTML based applications. All applications are based on open standards and technologies, primarily Perl and XUL.
cyclop	Providing a generic NSIS installation script for  the installation of Eclipse Plugins.
cyclops	An open source Java middleware component that may be loaded into any application server to schedule and monitor jobs on remote machines on the network. The component will include provision for generating faults and alarms from the jobs that are scheduled
cyclops-group	Software is supposed to make things simple simple rather than complex. However, the fact is in many cases it doesn&#039;t, on purpose. Our goal is making software not profound and powerful, but simple, generic and easy to understand.
cyclos	Cyclos is a Web based banking and administrating software developed by the software team of the Dutch NGO Strohalm. It is intended for LETS, Barter or other Community Currency Systems. (select the notes icon for info on the different install packages)
cyclosoft	Java based CyloBook application. Export import XML, connect to database, 2D visualization.
cycrsync	A port of rsync to the Cyclone programming language.
cydeck	Cydeck is a way to rethink the idea of desktop interface and interactivity
cydoom	DOOM for the cybiko - a complete conversion of the cybiko classic into a DOOM machine!
cygbuild	Utilities for Win32 Cygwin source and binary package maintainers. To configure, build, strip, produce diffs and generate cygwin specific template files. To put it simply: Convert Unix/Linux/Perl packages into complete Cygwin Net Releases
cygloop	Support for the loopback (/dev/loop) device for the Cygwin environment.
cygnome	The Cygwin GNOME project is started to port the GNOME desktop to Windows OS, using Cygwin as a porting tool and user environment.  Currently GNOME 1.4 almost done. GNOME 2.0 will  be started in a few days(or weeks?).
cygnome2	The Cygwin GNOME 2.x project aims to port the GNOME Desktop 2.x to Windows OS, using Cygwin as a porting tool and user environment.
cygnus	This project is intended to provide network and security administrators with the capability to track and trend anomalous activity in order to improve overall stability and security of a corporate or service provider network.
cygnusboards	This project aims to create a versatile and reusable set of message boards that can be used for many purposes.
cygnusos	This project intends to create a new OS - Cygnus,which contains many advanced features from &quot;Plan 9&quot;.The main goal of Cygnus is to provide the user with a modulized,extensible,distributed yet still free os that has never been experienced before
cygraphdb	This project implements a graph database (over JDBC) and a plug-in for Cytoscape that can store and load graphs (in the sense of a collection of nodes and arcs), including node and edge attributes), from that database.
cygwin-gnome2	Additional GNOME packages based on the CyGnome2 project. Current GNOME packages, based on the net release, are now available at the new Cygwin Ports website, see below.
cygwin-lite	Cygwin-lite is a subset of the Cygwin tools plus a HTML User&#039;s Guide (see homepage), designed for people new to GNU software, especially bash. The self-executable installer fits on a 1.44MB floppy disk.
cygwin-ports	Assortment of open-source programs built for Cygwin, and the cygport tool for building Cygwin packages. CVS and cygport releases are hosted here; the package repository is available on the website.
cygwin-rpm	RPM (RedHat Package Manager) and a collection of GNU / freeware tools in RPM format for Cygwin Posix emulation layer (http://sourceware.cygnus.com/cygwin) for Windows 95/98/NT/2000
cygwinexcelauto	Set of Add-ins to run standard Cygwin/Unix command line facilities from Excel. Creates batch files, runs them as part of excel (or independent of) to : ZIP, GZIP, BZIP2 files, dos2unix &amp; unix2dos files.  Also automates DOS DIR to list files to spread
cygwinsocks2	cygwinsocks a ported version of socks 4 and socks 5 and implatation of dante under cygwin, also porting other socks related library for cygwin and win32.
cyk-impl	This is the first step to achieve the implementation of a larger project related with finding exons in ADN sequences trough SCFG. So the first step is the CYK algorithm implementation.
cyl-viewer	3D viewer which arranges BLAST hits and other bioinformatics-related alignments in a rotating, cylindrical display. NOTE: requires Java3d installation.
cylendar	Cylendar is a quick and easy Organizer in GTK2 with pgp support.
cylindrix	Cylindrix is a fast paced 3d space shooting game much like star wars tie fighter. Battle the opposing team in a revolving cylinder in many different landscapes.
cylix-mdmt	Cylix is a &quot;Movies Database Management Tool&quot;. Stop to search in your hundred of DVD or DivX for watch a movie. Check your movies database and choose in few seconds the movie you want ! :P
cyllene	This project is the development of a client/server messaged based application.
cylon	Cylon is a project to send various patterns to a simple LED display connected to the parallel port of a standard PC. The low-level drivers currently support Linux, but I have ported it to FreeBSD and Cygwin.
cylon3d	Harmony Application Platform is a comprehensive and extensible application framework in c#.
cymonos	CyMonoS is a Content Management System written in C# for Mono/mod_mono/ASP.NET and PostgreSQL. This CMS is multi sites and multi users, easy to use and content oriented.
cynergy	Cynergy is a small 3D engine based on OpenGL and SDL supporting multiple texture formats, scenegraphs and shaders.
cynia	Cynia is a MUD (Multi User Domain) engine. Primarily used for online gaming, this project will aim to provide a quick, flexible and easily maintainable environment to build Multi User Domains for free online play.
cynic	Project Cynic is a java based online game from the perspective of a hacker where you take on there roll and break into corperate networks to steal, destroy, sabotage and frame the other players of the game all the while trying to keep your own system saf
cynthia	A purely c++ xml library with Sax/DOM/XPath/Xslt support. Sax/DOM/XPath have been finished and tested, but the xslt support is still in development.
cynthiavillanti	Welcome to the tikiwiki website of Cynthia Villanti, Assistant Professor of English at Suffolk County Community College (Long Island, NY), which serves as a collaborative classroom for teaching, writing, and research.
cynus	Cynus is a Content Magement System aimed to provide academic establishments with a means of simple yet elegant website generation.  Its modular design and unique plugin repository system make extending features and upgrading simple.
cyphers	A Collection Of Cypher Codes
cyphon	python to native machine code compiler (via gcc)
cyphon3d	A 3d first person shooter engine with DirectX and OpenGL support written in C++ and/or C# for the Windows Operating System. Support for Procedural generated content as well as a custom mesh format. Will also include a demo game based on the engine.
cyphoogle	Cyphoogle increases Gmail users privacy by automatically encrypting messages sent through the popular service.
cyplib	cyplib is a php-based library of classes providing html, databases and files&#039; abstraction layers to the php developers
cyport	Linux core driver with API-interface for the Cypress CY7C63000, CY7C63001, CY7C63100, CY7C63101
cypos	php based system of indexing html documents and interface to search through them
cypress	Cypress is a php news and magazine publishing engine.
cyrano	The Cyrano Template Management System is a system to manage a complete website with a few of XML-files for configuration and template files to specify it&#039;s design. To include the system into the site it use Apache-Server-Site-Includes.
cyrapid	cyrapid is a cms framework based on prado 3 and comes with a collection of reusable and flexible components for the complete life cycle of web content. an extendable administration frontend helps to arrange site structure, define and edit content.
cyrcho	Cyrillic support for Java 2 under GNU/Linux. Adds input method for XFree86 4.x and CP1251 encoding for java.nio subsystem.
cyrenity	Built on the legendary PHP-Nuke content management system (7.6), Cyrenity brings new features, as well as friendlier user and administrater interfaces. Compatible with all PHP-Nuke 7.6 modules and blocks. Includes NukeSentinel and all security patches.
cyrup	CyrUp is web interface for mail system based on Postfix, Cyrus and MySQL/PostgreSQL software
cyrus-utils	Cyrus IMAPd is a popular IMAP server that surfaces a rich interface for extending its functionality. The Cyrus IMAPd Utilities project brings together maintenance utilities, graphical front-ends, and API handlers (such as notification daemons).
cyrusrv	[Francais] CyrusRV est une interface Web permettant de contrôler le logiciel de courriels CyrusIMAP. [English] CyrusRV is a web interface to control the CyrusIMAP mail software.
cyruswebadmin	Web based administration of cyrus-imap mailserver. Using mysql backend, requires cyrus-imap server and postfix. Optional support for spam assassin and AV.
cyslab	A libaray of reusable components in Java. Most of these classes are designed for JDK 5 or higher versions.
cyswllt	Bilingual / multilingual contacts database (MySQL / PHP), plus facility to publish to the web. manages translation workflow. Checks addresses and contacts for existing information before entering into the database. English and Welsh language.
cytadela	Cytadela (the Citadel) is a conversion of an Amiga game also called Cytadela, which was a Doom clone. It is written in C++ and uses OpenGL, SDL and SDL_mixer libraries, so can be ported to many OSs (also to Amiga;).
cytherm	Cytherm USB Digital Thermometer - using DS1620 and CY7C63001A-PXC
cyton	Cyton is dedicated to create an innovative Artificial Intelligence engine implementing true Intellegence like human.
cytrun	Cytrun Linux based on the Slackware, possesss Kernel 2.6.13 + LIDS, Snort Inline(A modified version of Snort that accepts packets from iptables). Servers: WEB, EMAIL, SQL, PROXY, SSH, DHCP and DNS, Interface of Remote Administration based on Webmin.
cyvis	CyVis is a free software metrics collection, analysis and visualisation tool for java based software.
cz-sb	Home of the ChatZilla Support Boards. ChatZilla is an open-source IRC client built specifically for Mozilla, Firefox and Netscape. We will focus on having FAQ&#039;s, downloads, news submissions and more regarding ChatZilla.
cz2cz	cz2cz is software for converting text files between various encoding charsets (ISO-8859-2, Win-1250, UTF-8, ...). Main feature is autodetection of charset used in text file. Only in czech language (and useful for cz user only).
czajernia	CZ@JERNIA is a server project - the main server is located in Poland. We&#039;re trying to make software and documentation suitable for small school servers.
czcionka	The czcionka is a font family based on the Bitstream Vera Fonts. Its purpose is to provide a typographic peculiarities of the diacritics of Polish characters while maintaining the original look and feel.
czechcms	CzechCMS is a java-based CMS system and weblog based on J2EE.
czechxoops	Czech XOOPS Support project of translation, development and documentation of the Xoops Project.
czirclib	Chipz.IRC is an easy to use IRC library with SSL support. It&#039;s written in C# for the .NET framework.
czlangnet	Any_language-&gt;Czech_language translator/dictionary using database of words from project GNU/FDL Anglicko-Cesky slovnik (GNU/FDL English-Czech vocabulary), http://slovnik.zcu.cz.
czoom	czoom is a program to magnify the console letters (both local or via telnet), to allow people with subnormal vision to use console Linux.
czproxy	CZProxy is a Proxy for the the chatzone.de network.
czui	CZui is a Zoomable User Interface framework, allowing the creation of zoomable interfaces in C++. It has been designed to use any graphics/font library and be easy to use. CZui provides common features and extra, such as multi-camera views.
czww	This is several personal planning projects by czww.
czxnetswitch	czxNetSwitch allows users to create different profiles for their network configuration and easily switch between them.
czypizza	OpenGL based 3D driving game where the objective is to deliver pizzas with the greatest speed
d-api	DAPI stands for Developer Application Programming Interface, previously known as DOS Application Programming Interface. This is a library user interface which consist of a View Interface, Window Management routines, easy control development and a main ap
d-arena	D-arena is a C program utilising SDL and various libraries written by ajs (co-developer) to provide a platform to play various different card games, running along such lines as Duel Monsters (Yu-Gi-Oh!) and Digimon (Japanese card game)
d-ass-project	a project developing multiple games using realtime raytracing
d-browser	dBrowser is a tool that helps its users to identify the difference between the two targeted directory. It was made to offer better files/ directory merging and comparing in mind, in the near come future.
d-builder	The Distributed Builder is a program used to split up \\&quot;builds\\&quot; or compiles for a project to multiple computers with common directories.  The Builder relies on a client server architecture to \\&quot;farm out\\&quot; compiles from a single clien
d-chop	This java software is intented to be a shop manager with a set of plugable features (warehouse, accounting,...). It will provide business rules, separation of concerns and developed for multiple UI, persistence and business frameworks.
d-collide	Real-time collision detection library for physical simulations in virtual environments. Includes support for self colliding objects as needed for simulation of textiles and clothes.
d-e-b-t-s	Double Entry Based Transaction System (DEBTS). A web based personal finance application written in PHP / MySQL. Support for multiple users. Compatible with most frame / javascript capable web browsers.
d-e-s	The purpose of this project is to provide a reusable framework for quick site implementation using WYSIWYG and direct content management of pages. It uses ASP.NET + Database with a tree-like notion of navigating through content.
d-ea-l	Understand the dynamics underlying real-world economic and social systems by simulating these systems with the DREAM. (dr-ea-m project on sourceforge).
d-edit	A user-friendly diagram editor
d-flow	a simple way of defining complex dataflow networks
d-gecko	Wrappers and utilities for using Mozilla/Gecko on Delphi.
d-haven	Tools for every developer to collaborate and work together.
d-invent	This is a distributed hardware inventary system. Is designed for Companies which have its hardware distributed along different locations (ie branchs). Some of its features are: 5 different user levels, authorization requests , reports, warranties etc.
d-log	dLog is a swift c++ std::stream based output logger that works with tags. It is easy to use, swift and inexpensive when turned off. An example: dLog::write(&quot;fileOutput&quot;) &lt;&lt; &quot;open file:&quot; &lt;&lt; filename;
d-m-l	Distributed Messaging Library (DML) is a fully reconfigurable library for developing robust, safe and efficient distributed applications.
d-m-s	Diabetes Management System (DMS) was designed to easily let you track: Bolus amounts, Generic Shots, Carbs, Exercise, and many other aspects of the diabetes lifestyle.
d-mapper	D-Mapper is a map-based information management system.
d-mediatheque	Project Canceled - sorry
d-rose	D-Rose is Dave&#039;s Railroad Operations Simulation Environment.  That means that this is a program to simulate running an entire railroad. You get to do any job on the railroad (like dispatcher, surveyor, president and engineer), or sit back and watch.
d-scripts	D-Scripts is a place to acquire free PHP scripts, ranging from simple guestbook scripts to entire forums written in PHP. Anybody whose host supports PHP may benefit from these advanced scripts.
d-star	Linux/Unix and Windows administration tools for managing Amateur Radio DSTAR Gateways
d-t-f	Have you ever to get rid of Dashboard, because you think it&#039;s annoying? Or is Spotlight a waste of disk space? Using DisableTigerFeatures, it&#039;s easy to get rid of those features! Having second thoughts? You can easily turn them back on, as well
d-tools	d.tools is a suite of tools for rapid prototyping of tangible user interfaces for designers. d.tools uses visual programming and automatic hardware detection to quickly generate interaction models for physical computing devices.
d-wishlist	A simple PHP script that generates a view of del.icio.us posts tagged for a wishlist.  Includes support for posts stored in mysqlicious.
d2-pktk	PK Tool Kit (PKTK) is an addon for the popular PC game Diablo II.
d20-chat	D20 Chat is a chatting interface used for d20 role playing games.
d20a	This program will attempt to assist a game master in managing his or her campaign world.  From managing NPCs as you play, to combat management and automatic treasure rolls, this program is intended to save the GM time.
d20char	d20char is a ncurses based d20 character generator.  spartan in design for quick generation.
d20chargen	A Powerful character generator for the D20 gaming system.  It allows you to add your own skills, feats, classes, prestige classes, races and so on... You can also use existing packages such as D&amp;D 3.5, D&amp;D 3.0, D20 Modern etc.  The package files 
d20cm	D20 Campaign Manager. Manager application for roleplaying games based on the D20 game system.
d20database	To develop a database driven, membership based web interface for D20 based Role Playing Game Campaign and Player Character creation and management.
d20gamebuilding	This is a project designed to create a comprehensive game system, libraries, and AI for the d20 system created by Wizards of the Coast. This will be created in C++.
d20helper	Eclipse RCP based D20 / Roleplaying help software.  For dungeon masters and players who wish to get help during or in between games.
d20roll	Perl module for parsing d20-system dice expressions.
d20sharp	This is a C# implementation of the SRD material from the Open Game Framework made public by Wizards of The Coast (http://www.wizards.com) and the Open Gaming Foundation (http://www.opengamingfoundation.org). The library can be used to create all kinds of
d20system	GNU General Public License (GPL)
d20tools	This project will control the playing of Gurbs with a number of functions such as generating characters , generate star ship , world and sectors. Gurbs covers a unique facet of furure society; the concerpt that expanding technology will enable many hours
d211	The driver developed by nokia for the d211 multimode radio card is only working properly on 2.4 kernels. This project fixes the code to make the driver available under 2.6 kernels.
d2ce-ds	This is a character and items editor for the game Diablo 2 (D2). This also features updates for the expansion pack Diablo 2 LOD. Features include stat editor, money, inventory, and gem upgrade system. Donations are needed and will soon be accepted!
d2clan	d2clannet is an open port of the famous script legend of the green dragon
d2fmessenger	2F Messenger is an advanced Bluetooth Messenger that operates off a computer. This messenger is designed for people who have a Bluetooth connection but cannot use the Internet for instant messanging to collegues.
d2gameedit	D2GameEdit: This program will let edit the text files inside the MPQ files for Diablo II
d2gs	D2GS is a Diablo II Game Server, to play diablo 2 on closed realms under pvpgn with version 1.10 and latter. IMPORTANT: We dont have a working d2gs, we only have a prototype, the release date is not defined at the moment.
d2ie	Powerfull item editor for Blizzard Diablo II for Windows. Suporting creating new items and editing exported RAW item data (*.d2i file). For Diablo II:LoD v.1.08 - 1.09.
d2jsp-bots	A collection of Diablo II bots that utilize the d2jsp program.  The bots will allow a player to for instance do pindleskin/diablo/baal runs unattended, rush players, level in cow level, and others.
d2r-map	D2R MAP is a declarative language to describe mappings between relational database schemata and OWL ontologies. This D2R processor implements the D2R mapping language and exports data from a relational database as RDF, N3, N-TRIPLES or as Jena models.
d2realm	Diablo 2 Closed Game Server. The project was orginally developed inhouse by Net-Games (www.net-games.com), and has been made opensource for development speed up and getting new features built in.
d2rq-map	The D2RQ API provides access to relational database content from within the Jena and Sesame RDF frameworks. D2R Server is a Semantic Web server and SPARQL endpoint based on D2RQ. Both use a declarative language for mapping database schemata to RDF.
d2slacker	Diablo 2 Slacker is a library written in C# for botNET that takes care of many of the details that you would normally have to handle yourself.  It handles movement of the bot and includes services that the bot may require, like chicken and pickup.
d2vreports	A multiplataform reporting tool for .Net write in C# based on the RDL specification. Has web visual designer and report viewer. Support connection for most popular databases like MySql, Postgres, SqlServer, ODBC Databases. Runs on Mono and .Net Framework
d2wsdl	Describe2WSDL is a programmer utility that takes a description of a web service written in a simple program description language that looks similar to a C++ header file, and generates WS-I compliant WSDL from it.
d2x-xl	D2X-XL is an OpenGL port of the classic 3D Shooter game Descent 2 for Win32, Linux and Mac OS X, containing many enhancements and bug fixes while preserving full backwards compatibility.
d2xplore	D2Xplore (Codenamed Golem) is a powerful replacement for Windows Explorer for exploring your drives. it has Multiple document interface (MDI, like msword etc) and plugins support that allows you to run D2Xplore even on lower even system without crashing.
d33d	The D3 3D-Engine is a dynamic and platform-independent collection of classes that are used for real time 3D graphics with OpenGL. It&#039;s written in C++.
d3bot	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
d3captcha	Captcha Implemented in PHP with a WAV output option for people with disabilities.
d3dcp	Doom 3 Delphi conversion project. Conversion from: C++.
d3dsdl	Direct3D extensions to the SDL multimedia library.
d3e	D3E (Digital Document Discourse Environment) is a set of tools for binding a threaded discussion to a Web document/site. [d3e.sourceforge.net]
d3e-env	Open Story is a news broadcast plus forum system. It has the following functions: submit and manage stories; manage discussion on a story; manage user, and many other features arround news broadcasting such headlines, hot news, break news, etc.
d3helix	Helix is a presentation framework built on the Spring framework.  It makes extensive use of XML and XSLT to render HTML pages.  These pages can contain complex display elements such as menus, tabs, forms and grids.
d3rose	A library and basic executable wrapper for the render of three-dimensional scenes, specially designed for video frames production.
d3scr3act0r	d3scr3act0r an application written in visual basic that provides users with links to the ed2k network. This is not a p2p application, but a p2p addon especially for the ed2k network. The database holding the links is hosted on the ed2k network itself.
d3vscan	d3vscan is a network visualizer which creates a network diagram from the XML output created by Nmap.
d3web	d3web is an environment for the development and use of (diagnostic) knowledge systems. Different knowledge representations are provided, e.g., (score-based) rules, cases-based reasoning, set-covering models. It is written in pure Java.
d3www	D3WWW is a RainingData license-friendly, non-persistant HTTP integration solution for D3. MVWWW is a flavor independant release of D3WWW. OpenQM will be the first flavor it is released under. Addintional flavor tweaks will be added later.
d4cab	d4c&amp;b generates online (HTML) documentation from special comments in C++/TCL/Bison/Flex source. texinfo and user defined files are supported as well. d4c&amp;b underlying language is texinfo.
d4dotnet	.Net Dialogic Libraries
d4l	D4L (Dreamweaver for Linux) this is a web page designer just like Macromedia Dreamweaver designer. I decided to make this project too because of F4l which is brother of D4L.
d4modelizer	D4Modelizer is a simple but powerful code generator. It produces C# code from your Database. Each table could be mapped to an object and its fields in properties. D4Modelizer propose a mapping schema between the database structure and the object model.
d4net	Based on D4J (http://d4j.sourceforge.net/), D4NETs intent is to map Dialogic resources to Microsoft .NET classes, in order to build on top of them whatever system you may want to.
d5-2	D5.2 is a web-based game in which players explore an infinite procedurally generated world. They can claim sections of the map and build on them. Design is very open-architecture to allow new terrain generators and game rules to be easily added.
d69-wordlistgen	The District69 WordlistGenerator is a tool used for rapidly creating wordlists that can be used for stress testing applications and/or websites
da-com	Analysis and interactive visualization of a web-based community. Supports different focuses on the given social network to present community groups to the user. Also specific information of each member is provided.
da-vinci	I like to write high level software for various internet protocols to enhance my professional experties of the field.
da2gallery	Web-based photo gallery appliaction uses JAVA, Struts, Tiles and AJAX. User registers, manages their albums and images. A set of images can upload in zip file. Limit number of albums and images of each user, slide show image, and AJAX-based
da3dteammax	A First-Person Shooter for Windows, with network, outdoor environments and Lua scripts support.
daafm	Two-panel fully professional file manager supporting tab based console and gnome-vfs (allows you to use http, ftp, samba and other commonly used protocols). Based on GTK library.
daafsirc	modularized networked irc client written in java
daakumataa	Image manipulation framework architecture for Windows, includes plugins to generate nice images as well as plugins to alter existing images.
daampache	DAAmpache allows you to interface mt-daapd, a server for iTunes music shares, with Ampache, (http://www.ampache.org), to use iTunes to play music from Ampache without downloading individual streams.  Future versions will likely become part of mt-daapd.
daap	A C/C++ library to share digital audio between computers on a network, reverse engineered from and compatible with Apple&#039;s iTunes 4.0 implementation.
daapsharp	A DAAP (Digital Audio Access Protocol) client in .Net which can connect to any DAAP server sharing music on a network (such as itunes). Intended for PocketPCs to stream music, but should run on anything that runs .Net
dab	The Debian&#039;s Archive Browser will ease the browsing and searching of package in the _huge_ Debian&#039;s Packages list. Written in python, no release yet. keep in touch.
daball	This is a demo Java game that shows how you can program games for your mobile devices (Phones) using the CLDC( Connected Limited Device Configuration) and MIDP 1.0 for limited mobile devices.
dabasy	Simple file backup and changes tracking system, targeted to unattended night incremental backups of samba shares in departamental servers, and recovery services that can be managed directly by users via a simple web browser (login to their smb account).
dabaxs	DabaXS provides a simple user interface to manage data in MySQL databases defined in an XML file. The main features: forms, list and editor mode, mapping of foreign keys (showing a dropdown in editor mode), 1:n and n:m relations, and picture upload.
dabcos	The purpose of this project is to create an application that allows dbas and developers to compare and synchronize the structure of two databases.
dabenc	Encoder for Digital Audio Broadcast (DAB) signal.
dabench	dabench is a graphical test bench for Java.
dabhand	Software supporting use of the DABmate DAB radio receiver on Linux.
dabot	API for ATMel-based Robots
dac	DivideAndConquer is a tool that has the ability to split a file (URL) in multiple parts and download them in parallel. It significantly improves the overall download speed. Inspired from Download Accelerator Plus (DAP without spyware :P).
dacal	A Linux interface for the Dacal CD Library II, using a USB C-program and command-line interface.
dacalculator	DA Calculator is an Excel workbook and accompanying Visual Basic code intended for engineers managing Nokia DX200 switches. It helps with splitting and adding number ranges in the Digit Analysis tables.
dacapo	DaCarpo is a high scalable ETL framework for Windows, LINUX and UNIX systems.
dacapo-scripts	This project is a collection of python scripts which are used for analyzing and visualizing data from Dacapo calculations, such as DOS/Projected DOS, calculating the center of the d-band, quick summaries of the calculations, etc...
dacapobench	The DaCapo benchmark suite is designed to faciliate performance analysis of Java Virtual Machines, compilers and memory management.   It comprises a harness and a suite of open source real-world programs.
dacbd	DACBD is a front-end using ER diagrams to disgn Data bases. With it you can import from a database or export to sql sintax. It have a wizard method to create your entitys.
dacca	DACCA == Database-Controlled Cluster Administration is a system for installation, configuration and maintenance of Linux and/or Windows NT hosts in a network environment.
daccel	An easy-to-use, cross-platform library to write applications (bots, clients, etc.) for SubSpace (http://www.subspacehq.com)
dacdataaccesshe	DACDataAccessHelper es una envoltura sobre ADO para facilitar el acceso a objetos de bases de datos. Es similar en prestaciones al DAAB, de Microsoft Corp., pero esta escrito enteramente en Visual Basic 6.
dacfr	This project will facilitate the development of the community foundation Data Atlas project, which will build a provider neutral data mart integrating and supporting the work of the field across all applications. See documentation for project overview.
dachshund	Dachshund is a software modeling tool for the GNOME environment. It allows developers to create structured design documents with embedded UML diagrams. Python is used for local customisation.
dachunqiu	DaChunQiu, as a turn based strategic Chinese history game first, provides developers an engine to create much more games in different century. I also hope more and more people get to know the history of China.???
dacii	This is an online RPG based on the Romanian history.
dackup	Reliable and secure backup system
dacode	daCode is a news engine written in PHP. daCode focuses on modularity and speed/performance. Features include themes, user authentication, multi-language support, a cache system, a templates system, and much more.
dacoinch	DaCoinch is a Java implementation of a french card game named &#039;belote coinch?e&#039;. You can play against AI as well as local or remote human players.
dacomasy	A database content management system for website content that uses XML files to define the management interface for tables in a database systems schemata.  Designed to run on PHP 5.
dacormapping	DACORMapping is a ORM framework for Visual Basic 6. Facilita la creaci?n de aplicaciones manejando la persistencia de los objetos. Como NHibernete o Hibernete lo hacen para Net y Java, DACORMapping espera llenar este vacio en VB6, Cuando sea grande. ;)
dacs	DACS,a light-weight single sign-on and role-based security system for Apache or server-based software, provides comprehensive authentication capabilities, and powerful, transparent rule-based authorization checking for any web service or CGI program.
dacs-contrib	User contributed software and resources for companion SourceForge project DACS - the Distributed Access Control System. Includes FedAdmin, a DACS Web admin console, the DACS Java Library and XML schema translations of DACS DTDs.
dacs327uiuc	To create a reusable distributed system that can solve many different types of problems without having to rewrite the server or the client. The goal is not to come up with a particular problem to solve, but rather to provide the framework for solving a w
dad	Divide And Do is a hierarchical personal TO-DO list manager. It&amp;#39;s goal is to boost productivity by allowing the addition of sub-tasks to any task, as well as categorizing tasks, leading to better personal planning.
dada	Dada Dada is a powerful wiki engine: a tool for easy-to-use, easy-to-maintain collaborative websites. It works great out of the box, but for power users it is very configurable and extensible.
dadabik	DaDaBIK is a PHP application that allow you to easily (you need just to specify some configuration parameters) create an higly customizable a highly customizable front-end for a database in order to search, insert, update and delete records.
dadbiz	A multiplatform business management that include sales, purchases, inventory, billing and account subsystems, easy of use, with multilanguage user interface and easyilly customizable works in both win32 and linux.
daddy-bot	daddy-bot is an IRC bot, written in PHP, designed for channel protection, entertainment, and channel help. The bot is very flexible, and you can script your own add-ons, called modules, much like TCL scripts for eggdrops.
daddyq	daddyQ, written in Python, monitors and logs disk usage on file servers, and take actions on excessive disk usage. Users that are often over their quota or are over the quota with excessive disk usage get their files deleted.
dadeway	DAde POP3/IMAP Mail Gateway
dadinho	Famoso jogo de dados também conhecido como Bozó. Possui suporte a estilos(skins), efeitos sonoros, animações, etc. Pode ser jogado em modo de um jogador ou em modo multijogador, utilizando um sistema cliente-servidor.
dados-p	Web application to perform data collection where a research staff member (coordinator or researcher) is in charge of entering the data
dados-survey	Web application to to perform data collection where participants themselves enter the data on a Web browser using a survey mechanism.
dads	DADS was created to provide a simple way to administer DNS and DHCP services.  Powered by Ubuntu Linux, DADS provides a web-interface to DNS and DHCP services.
dadtc	A distributed chat application written in Java/Swing.  Because of the de-centralised structure, it is easy to set up additional clients.  It uses encryption for additional security and password locking for privacy.
dadvi	To Jumpstart J2EE Servlet development by providing small easy to use controller and component frameworks.
dae	A program for editing digital audio files, utilizing the Open Sound System or ALSA for the sound device interface. Gtk+ is utilized for the user interface.
daed	Distributed Application Execution and Distribution. The idea is to generate a Client/Server solution to execute and distribute applications under some condition in an heterogeneous enviroment (*nix, Windows).
daedalus	Daedalus is a Maze creation, solving, viewing, analyzing, and scripting program. It runs on 32 bit Windows, compiled from C++. For more information see the Web site: http://www.astrolog.org/labyrnth/daedalus.htm
daedalus-lkb	Modified version of the N64 emu Daedalus. Daedalus-Lkb is not completely indipendent: updates to the original Daedalus are always merged when possible and Daedalus-Lkb modifications, if accepted, are merged in Daedalus
daedalus-n64	Daedalus is an established open-source Nintendo 64 emulator for Windows and the Sony PSP.
daedalus-os	Project Daedalus is an aim to bring Artificial Intelligence to the Machintosh Operating System (Mac OS X) to aid the user
daeman	DaeMan is a MySQL and PHP based server management system. It can control the operation of Apache, Sendmail, Named, and various other services running on several distributed servers.
daemon	A daemon-based modular instant messenger that will support the most popular IMing protocals.
daemonic	daemonic provides server packages with an abstract, system-independent interface to system startup scripts and inetd.
daemonmanager	Daemon Manager is a program designed to manage UNIX services. If a running service should die, it is restarted automatically. Daemon Manager provides an easy method of placing resource limits on certain services, along with some other useful features.
daemons	Daemons IFace is a library to help developers to write a daemon in minutes... what you need is just create a dispatcher for the service your daemon is for and linking with the library everything is started up for you at program run.  (very configurable).
daemonscript	DaemonScript is a script for the popular IRC Client mIRC. It will attempt to surpass all other similar script by using plugins coded by the creator, not by a third party. It will also allow access to many other chat systems including MSN, AIM and ICQ
daemonshield	A daemon that creates realtime dynamic, expirable iptables rules to block/drop IP addresses attempting brute-force breakin attacks on a linux host via ssh or other mechanism. Highly customizable and extensible.
daemonup	DeamonUp is a light weight daemon that verifies that all configured daemons are running, if not it will restart them. It works whith any daemon, including the ones that fork and start a new process (if they can write a pid file). It also keeps them to co
daemonwall	DaemonWall is an OpenBSD-based network security live CD which can act as an Internet firewall/gateway.
daemonx	DaemonX want to be the first real OOS(Online Operating System).
daeron	Daeron is a fast, lightweight, powerful and very flexible content management framework. It&#039;s written in php5 and follows the MVC pattern.
daf-ftpd	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
dafa-regis	A very small and simple PHP and file based web-registration-page.
daffodil	daFFobar is an ASP Developers tool and  manifests itself as a toolstrip in an asp web page. This is done with a simple include file. Clicking links popups windows  with info such as session/application/request variables, documentation and other code conv
daffodilcrm	Daffodil CRM is a software that enables seamless coordination between sales, marketing, customer service, field support and other functions that handle customer contact for an enterprise. Live Demo Available!
daffodildb	One$DB is Open Source version of Daffodil DB, a commercial Java Database. It is standards based, platform independent RDBMS that can be embedded into any application with minimal administration. One$DB is available in both Embedded and Network editions.
daffodillogger	Daffodil Logger is a logging API wrapper that can be used on the top of any Logging implementation to set the level of log messages dynamically while the program is running.
daffodilnet	We propose to design a complete Intranet based solution under Open Source License, which covers all day-to-day activities in a typical small-sized organization. We have been thinking over this solution and have decided the framework for essentially the f
daffodilreplica	Daffodil Replicator is a powerful Open Source Java tool for data integration, data migration and data protection in real time. It allows bi-directional data replication and synchronization between homogeneous / heterogeneous databases including Oracle, M
dafizilla	Plugins for any applications supporting the extension mechanism introduced by Mozilla products: Firefox, Thunderbird, NVU, Mozilla Suite
dafne	Dafne è un software di gestione casalinga, capace di tener traccia di tutto ciò che una famiglia ha bisogno, dall&#039;inventario degli elettrodomestici alla scorta in dispensa, dalla rubrica telefonica alle ricette, e molto altro.(Also english in websit
daframework	This project, in its first stage, is a reporting solution targeting the .net framework and is written in C#.
dafs	The DAFS protocol is a new file-access protocol designed to take advantage of emerging RDMA (remote direct memory access) interconnect technologies such as InfiniBand, VI and iWARP.  See http://www.dafscollaborative.org/ for detailed DAFS information.
daft	DaFT is a frontend to any database that can be connected via ODBC. It provides list views of tables and columns, table view of data, SQL editor, CSV,HTML,SyLK,XLS data format export, and functions for copying data between two ODBC databases.
dafunspirit	DaFun Spirit is a LCMS (Light Content Managment System) for Teams of Online Game like Counter Strike, DoD, Half-Life ...\nThus a Team can manage more easyly its &quot;redy to use&quot; website for their :\n- sub-sections \n- members\n- Matches\n- calendar\n- f
dag	A Direct Acyclical Graph developed in java
dagchainer	DAGchainer identifies chains of gene pairs sharing conserved order between genomic regions, by identifying paths through a directed acyclic graph (DAG).
dagent	DesktopAgent is a freeware application for Microsoft Agent. It uses the interactive capabilities of Microsoft Agent to display a character (agent) which can interact with you using animations, speech and voice recognition.
dagfs	A web content management system, photo gallery, and application framework based on a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) database filesystem.  Provides hierarchic tags/labels, zopelike acquisition, and reiserfs4-like subfiles.
dagger	Dagger &quot;the cutting edge&quot; is a web engine -- or CMS (Content Management System) -- written in PHP+MySQL. It&#039;s a spin off of the Edge Engine (of which Dagger&#039;s project leader is a co-developer).
dagny	dagny is an extensible framework for creating IRC bots, as well as a complete example bot.
dagora	A battle system for a role-playing video game (similar to the Final Fantasy series). Written for Java. Currently text-only, will add 2-D graphics support using AWT (help needed!). Will feature summoning, standard and special attacks, and &quot;limit brea
dahammer	DaHAMMER is a online content managment system that is being developed in php and mysql. It is made to be simple to understand yet provide a powerful system to manage online content. It will include a dynamic news script, calendar, and much more.
dahuntradio	Basically dahuntradio is an application to control an FM radio tuner card.  This application is for the most part based off of &quot;kradio&quot;. dahuntradio gives the user the look and feel of a car radio with kde3 features thrown in!
dai	Distributed Artificial Intelligence
dai-installer	DAI: DownloadAndInstall is a great way to distribute your program. It downloads a ZIP file to your client and then installs it using an install.xml file in the same zip!
daian	nothing yet
daidedotnet	.Net framework for creation of bots for connection to DAIDE servers. DAIDE is the Diplomacy AI Development environment, and it specifies how Bots should communicate while playing Diplomacy.
dail	DAIL downloads sets of images.  Initially it will just be a for loop over image01.jpg image02.jpg, etc.  Later I want to be able to get images from thumbnail pages and other exotic things.
dailycomics	Daily Comics Reader is a Mac OS X Dashboard Widget that remembers your favorite comics and lets you quickly read them each morning. It includes an extensive catalog of known comics, and provides the flexibility for you to create your own, custom entries.
dailydiet	Daily Diet
dailypage	Periodically sends a webpage by email. The users receive the contents in their mail client early in the day, without having to navigate to the desired website.
dailyplanner	A web based planner to track a person&#039;s daily tasks.  Includes many features
dailyprophet	DailyProphet &#039;The browser enchanted&#039; is a web browser for the Harry Potter fans with the theme of Harry Potter. It aims at developing a complete web browsing software using Java. The browser will have its own way of naming the activities that c
dailypuzzlehelp	This project mainly helps people solve the daily puzzles in Newspapers like Crosswords,Jumbles and Sudoku puzzles.
dailyquote	The Daily Quote Chooser is a .Net program designed to run on startup and then, on a schedule, once a day or every three days or every Monday for example, choose a one-liner from a text file containing a list of them. Similar to the motd command.
dailystrips	Dailystrips is a Perl script to automatically download your favorite comics from the web. It supports over 200 comics and has a &#039;local&#039; mode in which strips are saved locally to speed access. Avantgo is also supported for loading comics to PDAs
dailysudoku	As an input takes an image from http://www.dailysudoku.com/ and outputs a file compatible with the open-source WinSudoku game.
dailytracking	End of Day Daily Tracking Calculator.  A quick and dirty text based calculator designed to give you week to date sales, labor cost, inventory over/shortage and ext.
daim	Daim is a newgen AIM client written in the growing language of D.
daimonin	Daimonin - graphical 2d tile-based MMORPG with true color and mp3 sound.
daisy	Daisy is an open source, Java-based content management framework consisting of a stand-alone HTTP/XML accessible content repository with strong search functionalities and a Web-based, Wiki-like editing and publishing user interface.
daisycms	The Daisy Open Source CMS is an enterprise-grade, Java-based content and information management solution consisting of a standalone repository server (with an HTTP/XML interface) and a Wiki-like, WYSIWYG editing and publishing web application frontend.
daisyencryption	Protection of DAISY Digital Talking Books using the up-comming PDTB version 2 specification
daisygdi	GSS-TCAD: A 2D General-purpose Semiconductor Simulator. It both supports DDM and HDM.
daisylib	A light-weight group communication system/library of distributed algorithms implementations for agreement problems (e.g., Consensus, Unreliable Leader Election and Atomic Broadcast).
daisymfc	The DMFC - Daisy Multi Format Converter - is a host for DTB- and documentrelated transformations.
daisymfcgui	Java SWT GUI for DAISY MultiFormat Converter.
daisyplayer	DAISYPlayer is a sound player for books recorded in DAISY format (www.daisy.org).
daitrix	daitrix is a secure os built on security, ease of use, and linux/unix based. verry fast to install with 4 setup types- dev, server, desktop and all. everything a normal linux distro has and then some.
daixtrose	Daixtrose (&quot;Differentiable EXpression Templates - the Reusable Open Source Engine&quot;) is a C++ header library framework. With Daixtrose, building Expression Template (ET) libraries at home finally becomes easy.
daj	DAJ is an extension of the AspectJ programming language to incorporate adaptive programming concepts from the Demeter project.
dajax	An ajax based web UI framework for creating rich internet applications. Provides controls such as tabs,window, tree etc, Drag/drop and fading effect.
dajer	This is a school project that&#039;s being worked on by a group of students at Grand Valley State University. We are trying to make a 1st-person, open-ended, action-oriented RPG set in the present time.
dajoo	A project try to build a personal wiki-based platform to help people manage their knowledge. It was designed to own a plugin system in the kernel by which we can develop various tools for different purpose. Compatible and interoperable with Mediawiki.
dajotools	Combination of development tools that runs close together. Tools have earlier been used in midsized projects, containts tools for keeping project times,  backup mgmt to TSM&amp;NetWorker, process tracer, ... Tools are written in C++ and runs on Windows.
dak	A multiple http proxy scheduling tool.  Idea origined from multiproxy ( www.multiproxy.org). Features include: large response data splitting, auto proxy verification, intelligent scheduling,  MSN Messenger Proxy support, etc.
dak91	This project consists in the creation of a first personal shotter realized with blender (an opensource 3d editor whit a game engine) and the language python.
dakellog	Breadcrumbs records all pages you visit and allows you to search them from anywhere.
dakiya	HIndi Mail Client in Java, can be extended as a editor and a plugin on web pages to mail and view mails in Unicode Devnagri Font. The Mail Client could be used to embed into a HTML page so that people need not install it to view and recieve mails.
dakon	Dakon (Javaness Traditional Game)
dal	DAL is a Database Abstraction Layer written entirely in PHP. The goal is to provide users with a general way to access databases. Changing from one DBMS to another only needs changing the driver you want to use.
dalbum	PHP image and video gallery script. Simple, secure, and completely customizable. Does NOT require MySQL. Automatic image resizing and thumbnail creation. Multi-language user interface. Supports session-based and basic HTTP authentication.
daldoc	Daldoc is a new programming language desinged to be used on Plato OS, but will be ported to many different operating systems. It will have short and concise statements, easy syntax, and quick compile time, along with on-the-fly library calls.
dalekchess	An open source Battle Chess game featuring the classic Doctor Who badies, the Daleks, as game pieces.
daleks	SmallBASIC version of the Daleks game, based on the Dr. Who TV series.  Crash the Daleks into one another, avoid their debris while leading others into it.  Teleport randomly when cornered and blast all surrounding Daleks with your Sonic Screwdriver!
dalgebra	This project is about the development of a series of basic algebra (java) classes and concluding to a standard about naming conventions and API&#039;s. The final program will include a GUI and the ability to solve important algebraic problems.
dalgen	A tool that generates relational database access code tied to a specific user-defined database schema (think &quot;type safe database access&quot;).  The tool is implemented in Java, but the intention is to allow code to be generated in a variety of lang
dalgen4j	A data access layer generator. It takes information from an existing database, and generates the entity classes from tables, stored procedures to access and update the data in the tables, and classes for easly executing them and taking results back
dalgenerator	A code generation utility that produces C# code implementing the DAAB V3 for specified tables. The intention is to provide full support for both Oracle and SQL Server. The utility will produce fully documented code and NUnit test classes.
dali	Dali is a simple time tracker.
dallamolo	Dallamolo is a program plays notes you programmed from a text file. It has a syntax reader. You can program rhytym patterns and accords with it.
dalle	This projects aims to build a set of utilities to work with splitted files in various formats. Supported formats at the moment are: hacha (1,2 and pro), kamaleon (1 and 2), Astrotite, Camouflage, FileSplit, SplitFile...
dallegro	C++ Wrapper for the Allegro game programming library.
dalm	dA List Maker is a tool for all members of deviantart.com. With dALM you can automatically generate name- or iconlists of your watchers or the people in your friendslist (the ones that you watch). That saves a LOT of typing.
dalp	Connect to MySQL database server using DALP from PDAs like Palm, PSION and PocketPC. Mysql can be accessed programatically from the application directly. Write programs using DALP to connect to MySQL database server and fire queries and view results.
dalt	This project aims to build a full featured C++ (and possibly Python) library and associated tools which facilitate building Artificial Life simulations in a distributed environment.
damafra	DaMaFra, or Data Maintaining Framework, is intended to be a toolset for creating forms and tables for maintaining data in an easy, fast and secure way. When using the framework, creating a form is more like configuration rather than programming.
damapper	DAMapper (Dynamic Application Mapper) uses the GTK toolkit, PHP, Perl and MySQL to dynamically create World/US maps for inclusion in on or offline applications.  Map Images will be dynamically colored and clickable by county, state or county.
damasca-tck	Damasca: The Conflicted Kingdoms is an open-source online RPG, similar in concept to The Legend of Zelda games. The main goal of the design team is to produce a quality 2D game using freely-available tools and without charging a fee to maintain it.
damat	This tools can organize thousands of downloads and mirrors. With easy to use administration tools that can easily check, add and delete files and mirrors. This makes it is easy for users to quickly find files and download then quickly.
dambergs	Lucas_Dambergs enables you to link typed text to a specific time of a QuickTime movie, DVD or Video_TS folder. Once a time index is linked to a set of notes, you can jump back to the selected scene by clicking the index link. Save file is enabled.
dame	DAME is a software tool to generate C++ and Java classes from SQL statements. By working at the level of SQL statements, dame provides the maximum flexibility to the developers of database applications.
damf	Misc packages including a matrix application, a text based minesweeper, and simple console functions bundled to be run from a virtual console. Some packages are independently runnable. http://damf.sourceforge.net/ for more information.
damilestracker	A basic Todo-list and Bug tracker developed in java swing, with capability of send e-mail to asigned person about closed item. Some people connect to same database to show the todo list.
damit	DAMIT - Mirroring Administration Tool. Manage your ftp or html mirrors using an easy php website as frontend and a perl script as backend. Data is stored in an mysql database
damk	An Instant messanger Program for the popular site deviantART
damlconstraint	A DAML+OIL ontology editor with constraint propagation functionality to ensure that constraints applied to properties and restrictions are correctly propagated through an ontology, and datatype management functionality for manipulating custom datatypes.
damm	DAMM (Digital Asset Management system for Medical content).  DAMM is an asset management system for images, PowerPoint, Word, OpenOffice, video and other materials.
dammen	Dammen (from the dutch word for draughts) is a simple to-the-point program for playing draughts, but quite challenging to beat. It uses a simple yet elegant gtk+ interface.
damn	Software related to the deviantArt dAmn protocol.
damn-it	DAMN-IT is an open sourced Digital Asset Management solution. It allows you to categorize and manage your assets through descriptive meta data. Assets can also be shared to other uses with the appropriate security.
damn-small-cms	Damn small content management system is a CMS written in C and aims at a very small memory footprint.  CPU usage should be very limited.  It is intended for small systems like the NSLU or Access Points.
damnian	Publicly released phpBB MODs by damnian
damnjava	The dAmn Java project is the home for the Java-based dAmn (deviantART Messaging Network) Client Programs. We maintain the dAmn Java Client along with a few other odds and ends.
damnkernel	Damn Kernel, is a kernel coding project for kernel newbies. This project is not for coding a real kernel, but it\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;s a practice project for kernel newbies, who want to participate other kernel projects.
damnwin	A client for deviantArt&#039;s Messaging Network (dAmn) for windows.
damocles	This is a RPG that somebody has chosen to experiment their own knows and so could help somebody to verify that he has understood what he has learned. He could also be used to create a new 3D-RPG
damonkey	DaMonkey is a database access layer code generator for the .NET 2.0 Framework. DaMonkey has a GUI designer and generates SQL as well as VB and C# code. The generated code supports multiple databases, locking, transctions and audit trails.
dampers	Develop an application for distributed problem resolution, incorporating several existing technologies.  Minimum platform is to use low end x86 / PII or hand held devices, possibly operating with a NetBSD port.  Facility to analyse faults in the field (r
dams	Collection of tools for Amazon.com associates.  Includes a PHP based visual product browser, Perl based product info browser, and Perl interface to the Amazon Recommends service.
damserver	DAMServer stands for Digital Asset Management Server and is intended to acquire, process, manage and distribute multimedia content in various formats. Server management interface is written using JavaScript AJAX and Client application will use Java Swing
damud	Genelation is currently looking for help! Get a hold of project admin to find out more how you can help. Genelation will follow a timline of ages and therefor will never be the same thin over and over again. Welcome to the future of mudding!
dan-inst	AIDW is a freeware installer written in AutoIt v3.2. If you want to release your projects it is very easy to write a good looking installer with a nice GUI to publish your project. You can setup registry things, install files, etc.
dana	DAna is The Connect4(Connect Four) Online game you must have!! This game is designed mainly for playing online with your friends. It also has Velena AI Engine(Perfect Play) and Ana(Moderate) to play against. Its got a simple elegant Chat Window also!!!
danadoc	System to assist with the management of a local Buddhist study library.  Will download and install chosen documentation (sutras, etc), index them, and provide a web interface. Python, HTML. Needs a webserver, namazu.  Can be used for other documents, too
danatomy	Danatomy is a framework to set up processes for the extraction, analysis, quality assurance, cleansing and transformation of data in RDBSs. The processes may be interactive, batch or mixed and their output may be reports or written back to RDBS again.
danaxu	DaNaXu is a text adventure written entirely in Java.
danber	The Danber project aims to create an operating system where both Windows and Linux programs can be run: it is a Windows NT based kernel, but with UNIX user mode compatibility. Support for both PE and ELF executable formats.
dance	Dancing Networks attempts to create self-drawing diagrams by applying the laws of motion as we know them today. The process of the diagrams drawing themselves looks like a network that starts its dance in chaos but gravitates toward harmony and order.
dancebox	DanceBox is a fork of the pyTone jukebox highly customized for a dance studio.  It features an advanced SQLite classification database that should rival commercial offerings.
dancecrave	Song packs for stepmania
dancehelper	This project is designed to assist teachers in tracking student attendance, lesson plan / syllabus coverage, and student progress.  It is designed specifically for a dance studio but can be utilized by other teachers as well.
dancelink	A custom HTTP server designed to share Stepmania data files online
dancemaster	This web application is for dance studios.  This is a web based application used to coordate class scheduling, student rosters, student information, and any aspect of managing a dance studio as requests arise.
dancepad	This is a Dance PAD for PC and PocketPC, here you will find the driver, tha printed circuits and a great game.\nEsta es una alfombra de baile para PC y PocketPC, Aqui esta el controlador, las imagenes, y un Juego Excelente.
danceproj	Interactive Dance
dancer	IRC defense bot, for all major IRC networks
dancereader	DanceReader is a wxPython/Python software for rss feed reading, suports atom, rss and so on.
dancetool	A tool for planning dance comeptitions, timetable etc
danceware	This software is an advanced video playback tool for exact analysis of digital video (e.g. for dancers); it supports advanced playback techniques, like loops and also stores your personal video-clip database.
dancingsudoku	Very fast and easy to use Java tool for solving and generating Sudoku puzzles. By using Donald Knuths exact cover algorithmus it can not only solve or create the usual 9x9 but also 4x4, 16x16 or even bigger Sudokus in a very efficient way.
dancingws	A simulator for the popular Dance Dance Revolution game that is optimised for speed and can be run on slower machines at full speed.
dandelion	This project has been established per Larry Augustin and Patrick McGovern as a tribute to the work of Leonard Zubkoff (who passed on in 2002), former CTO of VA, and Linux kernel developer.  This project is a mirror of the Dandelion Digital site.
dandi-dms	Dandi-dms is a client/server document management system, it uses a client application written in java that allows the client to use the drag a drop metaphor to interact with the server. Currently only the server part with web interface is working
dandydoc	DandyDoc is a sophisticated 100% Pure Java Document and Report writer that has an extremely small memory footprint and that can be easily integrated into your applications. Various text formatting facilities, previewing, printing / PDF output are provide
danforschool	Dan for School is a public area to download files that relate to schools. Based on DansGuardian. Configurations files are available for students in mind.
dangerdeep	SDL/OpenGL based WW2 german submarine 3d simulation, multilanguage support, multiplatform support with advanced sound and graphics
dangerflow	Some kind of new workflow solution for the java platform.
dangertalk	DangerTalk is a Smalltalk-like Interpreter and OMI focused on investigating security features of constrained devices. A small, trusted C-based VM underlies a collection of object images with differing trust characteristics.
dango	A neural network based program that plays Go.
dangotalk	DangoTalk is a OSX Dashboard Widget that allows you to use the Interconnect API to make free phone calls between any two PSNT DIDs. It is built on Asterisk, and works like a click-to-call for your desktop
daniel	Daniel is an integrated suite of systems to meet common software needs for non-profits. The first system developed is a contribution manager for tracking donors and contributions. An event (conference) manager is also under development.
danielboone	A free Netcool replacement.  A passive network monitoring tool like Netcool which collects traps, writes them to a database, and displays them to the user via a GUI.  A web based &quot;control panel&quot; and eventually a web based GUI are planned.
daniels-rc	DRC is a revolutionary approach to UNIX resource (runlevel) control.  All configuration is done through a simple configuration file, and most administrators will never need to create or modify any scripts.
danishmoodle	This project contains danish documentation for Moodle
dannu	DANNU - Database Artificial Neural Network Utility.  A C#/.NET utility implementing the &quot;NeuroBox&quot; library which allows the user to import data from a database and train a network with it.  A fully featured NN utlitility is envisioned.
dannz-auth	A very basic flat-file text based php auth script. It is easy to use, with basic includes to check for a real login and to display the login page.
danoftp	danoFTP is an Java based flexible FTP Server implementation that is designed to be flexible, easy to extend and integrate with other products and systems.
danpage	Dan Baker&#039;s danpage perl script for pageing numeric and alphanumeric messages through numeric and alpha (TAP) dial up pageing services.
danpei	Danpei is a Gtk+ based Image Viewer. You can look through your image files in Thumbnail form, and can rename,cut and paste them easily(like Windows Explore).
danphpsupport	DanPHPSupport is a PHP-based Support ticket script, designed to be easy to use, yet provide some good features for the average user. Features include knowledgebase (for all the commonly asked questions), customisable categories and severities and more!
dansguardian	Web filter providing true content filtering (as opposed to URL filtering only) and includes a compile-time plugin system that allows additional functionality such as AV scanning of web content.
danstuner	Dan&#039;s Tuner is a program to tell you if you are playing a pitch in tune.
dantar	This is collection of projects led by Dantarion. They will include utilities for managing Stepmania Installations, Addons for the PHP/MySQL CMS DragonflyCMS, and basic games written in C++ with SDL.
dante	Dante is a build management tool for Delphi.
dante-framework	Dante is a Java-based Web-Application Framework which allows programmers to develop Web-Application like normal Swing-Applications. No HTML / CSS /JavaScript knowledge needed. It inlcudes a lightwight cms system with java applet based wysiwyg editor
dao	Loosely coupled, extensible database access library written in C#. Allows direct database access over a relational vendor-independent data layer as well as automated persistence through O/R mapping containers that work upon the data layer themselves.
dao-zero	Daozero reduces DAO code based on Spring &amp; iBatis. The Old way is to write code and invoke iBatis API explicitly, but Dao-zero implements DAO interfaces in runtime, invokes iBatis API for developers automatically. Replace old DAOs with it directly.
dao4j	java DAO Generator
dao4php	Dao classes for easily insert, delete, update and select record in MySQL database
daobase	DAObase is the drug adverse event knowledge base which stores adverse event ontology for drugs and generates web-services based query facilities for adverse event case definitions.
daocguildxml	DAoC guild roster/alliance script
daocloganalyse	Dark Age of Camelot (DAoC) Log Analyser written in Java that creates HTML statistic from your chat.log file.
daocmaps	This project is a UI modification of the current Dark Age of Camelot UI that allows for the viewing of area maps in game.  It is composed of XML files and TGA images used by the game&#039;s client for custom user interfaces.
daocmonitor	A windows trayicon-program to monitor the Dark Age of Camelot servers, and realm-status (Darkness Fall owner, servers up...).
daocms	DAOCMS is a Content management system written in PHP with mySQL, helping you to set up a feature rich, state of the art homepage for your DarkAgeofCamelot Guild. Herold, Eventplanner, News, Screens, Guides,....
daocmt	DAoC - Multi Tool is a information tool that shows information over Darke Age of Camelot - Players and many more. You can see ceeps/relics, server status, search for members in guilds, add members/guilds to your favorite and more. (under construction)
daocreator	Creates JDBC code for save, update, delete, get; from a given Hibernate mapping file (.hbm.xml) for the object and SQL for creating tables for those objects.
daocstats	Dark Age Of Camelot Statistics Generation.  Allows for alliance wide statistics to be generated for a website.  Outputs XML/XSL files.  Entirely written in Python
daocsvgmaps	Highly interactive maps that also record name NPC locations, general MOB locations, etc.
daoctotalsound	The Total Sound Replacement for Dark Age of Camelot replaces all in-game sound files with quality sounds without overwriting any sounds that came with the game. The file contains no executables.
daoexamples	Java implementations of the Data Access Object design pattern
daofactory	DAOFactory is a java based source code generator that creates dependent objects using JDBC that implement the Data Access Object (DAO) pattern.  DAOFactory uses an XML based file to define how the source code should be generated.  DAOFactory can also int
daoi	This JAI based application estimates the disparity between two images. It works by first detecting remarkable points in both images and then finding the best possible match between the two sets of points.
daoism	daoism is a WYHIWYG (What You Hear Is What You Get) cd editor/creator.  The goal is to provide a quick and easy way for you to make exactly the cd you want, without annoying restrictions or complexities holding you back.
daomaker	A class generator for building a DAL and BLL in c# using SQL server and the MS Database Acess Application Block; Following the DotNetNuke 2.0 Provider Patterns
daomedge	Java Data Access Objects. A Hybrid JDO/DAO system. Include data access objects and code generators. Cross table relations are easy too. This project uses POJO.
daophp5	Data Access Objects for PHP5.  A set of classes used for connecting to databases in PHP5.  The goal is to provide PHP5 developers with a unified OO API to access databases.
daos	DarkSide-AO is an Argentum Online MOD, a free MMORPG that possesses systems of: Clans, Magic, Combat, Pets, factions. 21 Skills, and a world of more than 150 maps, towns, dongeons, races and professions.
daoscript	Dao is an object-oriented scripting language with automatic memory management. It provides text processing, numerical computation and multi-threading functionality. Moreover, Dao is very light and efficient, and well suitable for extending and embedding.
daowriter	DAO layer source code generator
daoxgen	Data Access Object XML-based Generator is a tool for automatic generation of Java code for the data layer. It imports a database schema and generates DAO classes for single or multiple tables. It stores the schema and user-defined classes as XML.
dap	DAP (Database Access Platform) is a common BO solution. unlike O-R Mapping, there are no specific object to each table. DAP is trying to maximal wrap the basic database operation. Written in Java
dap-scrob	A PHP script to submit .scrobbler.log/.scrobbler-timeless.log files made by DAPs (Rockbox only at the moment) via the audioscrobbler servers to the Last.fm music blogging site.
dap2	The Data Abstraction Penalty benchmark for Small Objects in Java and C#, version 2.
dapact	DAPACT (Data Aware Processing And Control Tags) are JSP tags for simplifying the displaying of dynamic content in JSP pages. It focuses on retrieving data to be displayed, iterating over that data, and in providing control tags for changing what displays
daphoque	daPhoque is a PHP library to easily manage a Web site organized into sections. The main advantage of using daPhoque lies in not having to write HTML. The library and its associated tools do all the necessary HTML formatting and parsing of text files.
dapi	DAPI is a fully object oriented PHP based framework for building web applications. It consists of 2 parts. 1) A Class loader that obtains the required classes even from remote servers. 2) The net.developaz library which provides powerful tools for web ap
dapi-shell	This is a API Desktop Enviroment for WinNT/XP/2000 wroted on Delphi language.
dapl	The Direct Access Programming Library (DAPL) is a high performance Remote Direct Access Memory (RDMA) API with both a user mode (uDAPL) and kernel mode (kDAPL) version (see http://wwww.datcollaborative.org). This is a reference implementation of the API.
dapl-myrinet	This project implements a DAPL provider for Myrinet network cards. Version 0.1 to 0.3 support the GM interface only. Since version 0.4 it supports both the GM and the MX interface.
dapp	Dapp is a PHP based Display Application for displaying news, events, and information on  a public display.  It runs over xserver-xfree86 and xserver-xorg.
dapple	Dapple/NDapple are Apple ][ emulators, aiming to support a well-fitted Apple ][, ][+ or //e machine with 64K.  It is (was) based on Marat Fayzullin&#039;s M6502 with 65C02 additions.  Dapple ][ aims for a 128K //e.
dapprentice	Daring Apprentice is a tabletop for the card game Magic: The Gathering (MTG), which will be an improved clone of Apprentice.
dapta	DAPTA (Distributed AdaPtive Triangulation Algorithms) is a software library which contains data structures and algorithms for triangulations (meshes) for specific use in a parallel environment where mesh adaptation is required.
daqalyzer	Neopet&#039;s NeoDAQ Analyzer - daemon, offline gui and php interface
daqpp	A C++ framework for a data acquisition (DAQ) system
daqxml	daqXML is an XML based description of instruments and measurements. It provides a process for integrating daqXML compliant instruments and data acquisition procedures into larger data acquisition systems.
dar	DAR is a command-line backup tool, that uses compression, makes differential or full backups, which can be split over several files or disks. Dar saves *all* UNIX inode types, hard links, as well as Extended Attributes. And many other features ...
darbackup	darbackup is a complete backup management software handling the creation archives using dar and the restore. Featuring differential/incremental and fullbackups, very easy configuration, fully automated transfer over the net to another host and more
darbinding	Alternate language bindings for the libdar library written by Dennis Corbin. The original application DAR is a command line backup tool that uses libdar, a library implemented in C++.
darc-online	welcome to Darc online, the site which stands for Dylan, Alyson, Ricky, Cole
dare	Secure Database Replication (DaRe) is a server/client program aimed to replcate databases over the Net, with as little effort as possible. The project began when I needed to replicate a corporate database running MS SQL Server 7 to a MySQL database.
darec	DARec is a framework for training and testing dialogue act recognition techniques. The framework enables adding arbitrary features and support for external classifiers and/or machine learning techniques.
dareport	daReport is a MS .Net Framework reporting component automating the PrintDocument class and uses XML templates created by the designer application. Tables, pictures, charting, text with simple alignment capabilities. Supports dynamic data from data table
dark	OpenDark is a free simplification of &#039;dark&#039;. It&#039;s the first open BWT-DC compressor, which has a simple code, high speed and compression ratio. And it&#039;s waiting for your ideas! :)
dark-age	Parser, Interface et Gestion d&#039;ordres pour DAO
dark-haven	Dark Haven is a mmorpg (game) written in php using mysql, you fight others, buy weapons, train soldiers and try to become the ruler of the land. Currently looking for developers.
dark-nebula	Explore, fight and profit in a procedurally generated infinite universe. Hire unique crewmembers, create your own business or mercenary empire and never play the same game twice.
dark-oberon	Dark Oberon is an open source real-time strategy game similar to Warcraft II released under GPL. It has got unique graphics - textures created from shots of real models made out of plasticine!
dark-portal	All 32-bit MS Windows (95/98/NT/2000/XP)
dark-side	DARKSIDE is a PERL/Tk configuration tool for &quot;DarkIce - live audio streamer&quot; to easy manage all information related with Darkice stream points and server operation.
darkageofkrel	DAoK is a webbased Roleplaying Game using phpBB3 Olympus as main plattform. It will have an own AI (A.L.I.C.E) which is already converted to phpBB. Using local dataresources for each client we are able to ignore bandwidth for grafic and audio enhancement
darkages	Dark Ages is a free online text based game, played entirely though a web browser, and inspired by the game Medieval Battles.
darkagesemu	Dark Ages server emulator. At last some private server for everyone.
darkai	A challenging AI designed for StarCraft Broodwar!  You think you can beat the computer player?  Think again...
darkalienp2p	VB.NET/C# Gnutella Client
darkbasic	The main goal in this project consist in the traduction of the darkbasic games compiler, the help, and others free utilities, for the spanish community.
darkblade	Dark Blade: Throne of Vengeance is a 3d dungeon crawler/mud with AD&amp;D elements. It is in the style of the old AD&amp;D game for the NES and DOS, with a newer look. The game is currently under heavy development.
darkboltcp	This project was a web-based control panel for MMORPG game Ragnarok Online, to use in conbination of eAthena or derivated ragnarok server projects with SQL data store support.
darkbot	Darkbot is a very fast and small program written in C language which connects to IRC from an Unix or Windows operating system and automatically &quot;talks&quot; and responds to users&#039; questions. Originally created by Jason Hamilton as an aid for he
darkbytes	Open Source projects
darkcastle	A friendly and powerful RPG Bot for IRC
darkclockers	This it is a measurer of bandwidth yield of of Internet connections from GPRS to connections of 2Mb this in Spanish and this writing in Java.
darkcloud	DarkCloud is a Object Oriented 3D Game Engine written in C++. The goals for the project are ease of use, modular design, flexible pluginsystem, and to provide a full 3D Game Development Package.
darkcodex	DarkCodex is a forum and discussion system written in PHP and is a based direct conversion of WWWThreads GPL version 3.5.1.
darkcracker	Dark Cracker is a dictionary based brute-force DES-encrypted password cracker written in PERL which allows *nix system administrators to test password files against a dictionary of common passwords and detect accounts without a password.
darkcrow	Darkcrow will be a fully featured 3d mmorpg game built using Ogre3d engine and others, it will support linux/mac/windows as plataforms and its combat is oriented on the famous Final Fantasy Tactics(c) from SquareEnix(c)
darkdestiny	Dark Destiny ist ein rundenbasiertes (10 Min Tick) Browsergame. Der Spieler hat die Möglichkeit sein eigenes Sternenreich aufzubauen. Unser Ziel ist es, ein nicht zeitintensives, dennoch Langzeit-Spass orientiertes Browsergame zu gestalten.
darkdistricts	Dark District is a cross-platform roleplaying game intended to replace tabletop gaming in a 3D environment.  It includes in-play GMing capability and network support for up to 8 players.
darkengine	Dark Engine. Game engine:\nOpenGLDX Render\nDirecPlay\nDirectInput\nFMOD
darkerirc	DarkerIRC is a Java applet which provides IRC client functionality. It is highly configurable and still easy to install and maintain.
darkestdaypl	Polish translation for The Darkest Day Mod (Baldurs Gate 2). This project includes new NPCs voices and its compatible with Throne of Bhaal version of TDD. Polskie tlumaczenie moda The Darkest Day do BG2: Tronu Bhaala. Program spolszcza glosy bohaterow.
darkevent	A turn based 2D Multi User Strategie game, level based. Fight in rounds against monsters and players to get weapons, experience and explore new levels. Chat with other player and form teams to fight agains much heavier enemies.
darkevil	this project is to do a advanced bots a sort of vladbot but better this projct will be first in french then translate in english to make people have great fun
darkeyetool	DSA4 Werkzeug hilft Spielern und Spielleitern beim Spielen und Vorbereiten von DSA gem?? der neuesten Regeledition. Helden, Professionen, Kulturen und vieles mehr k?nnen entworfen und weiterverarbeitet werden. Weitere M?glichkeiten sollen folgen.
darkfire	A stable and fast Linux/Unix toolset to aid in the security and ease of use of *Nix.
darkgarden	Dark Garden is a decorative scalable font.
darkhart	This project contains a repository of various modifications, plugins, addons and contributions to various open source projects. Some small standalone applications may also be provided.
darkice	the DarkIce project has been moved to a new site at http://darkice.tyrell.hu/ - please visit this site to find out up-to-date information on DarkIce.
darkircd	--- this project is discontinued; will be moved to &#039;irch&#039;, a C++ ircd from scratch ---
darkking-gbook	A guestbook written in PHP which uses mySQL. It has a powerful admin-system which allowes you to delete and modify any post in the guestbook it also contain a IP banning/unbanning system. There can be used smileys. It is easy to install and easy to use.
darklight	Dark Light 2D/3D engine for windows XP/NT/9X using C/C++ Open Gl/Direct X / Allegro / dev-c++
darkmagicgames	Dark Magic is a gaming series coded from RPG Maker XP.  This game is being made for the public as entertainment and a learning base to RPG Maker XP.  A demo will be release soon.  But screenshots will already be availible for public viewing.
darkmaps	DarkMaps is a program that reads images and builds a 3D map from them.
darkmatrix	Dark Matrix is going to be an attempt at developing a Cyberpunk/Shadowrun Themed MMORPG developed around the matrix, users will compete against one another to hack corporate mainframes and other player controlled mainframes, for fame, data and money.
darkmod	a *nix modplayer, with client/daemon IPC communication, written in c++ using libmikmod, featuring a ncursed client GUI
darkmods	Downloads of open source phpBB modifications, hacks, templates, and add-ons created by Thoul of www.phpbbsmith.com.
darknessgame	We are developing a video game for the website http://forum.darkness.com.  It will be a roleplaying game using the Dungeon Craft engine found at http://uaf.sourceforge.net/.  The game aims at incorporating all major users of Darkness in the game.
darknessterror	Q3A Style shooting game, made with DirectX 8.1 based on DXFramework with alot of modifications.
darknest	Darknest - Open Source internet browser!
darknet	Darknet is a suite of programs and plugins to create a decentralized anonymous network. We are currently working on email plugins, and mini servers.
darknighthidden	Dark Night Hidden: A turnbased oldscool CRPG
darkoberonpe	Dark Oberon Portable Edition is the real-time strategy game Dark Oberon packaged as a portable app, so you can take it with you on a USB drive, iPod, etc and use it on any computer.
darkoblivion	Dark Oblivion is an attempt at creating a multiplayer online Role Playing Game that is web based and utilizes common protocols such as HTTP and IRC.
darkpatches	Dark/sk sources are kernel patchset projects created by predatorfreak (Brett G.), focused on maintaining stablity and scalabliy. Everything that goes into these patchsets is selected based on these goals.
darkportal	A modular PHP based web portal system. While a stable beta of the portal is available, I am currently in development planning phases of a new core framework.
darkradiant	Customised version of GTKRadiant (http://www.qeradiant.com/) designed for use with the upcoming Dark Mod (http://www.thedarkmod.com), a Thief-inspired modification making use of the Doom 3 game engine.
darkrealm	The Dark Realm MUD Server is an open-source server designed in Visual Basic to give users a fun, easy way to explore a world, interact with each other, and just adventure together.
darksense	The Darksense is (free) open-source sci-fi 3D MMORPG.
darkstar	This is an atempt to create micro-kernel operation system, with its own file system, using NASM.
darkstar-gl	A (soon to be) complete wrapper engine for the OpenGL graphics library.  It will support all of the most important 3D functions, including camera, lighting, object creation, and more.  Also, multimedia and networking support are planned.
darksunlinux	Project Dark Sun aims to develop a new interface for a truly user-friendly Linux desktop system.
darksword	An open-ended browser-based strategy game which can be set up in any fashion the user wants, inclduing the kind of units, timezone, theme, etc.
darktower	After much deliberation and trying to figure out what I can do to actually put to use what I have been trying to learn for the last year or so, I have decided that I would like to bring back one of the most popular retro games - Dark Tower!
darku2	Servidor de IRC basado en el servidor de Undernet con encriptacion de IPs, IPv6 y otra cantidad de a?adidos.
darkvis	DarkVis the Open Source OpenGL based Winamp Visualization Plugin.
darkwolf	This is a game developement system providing a platform for users to create multiple game types, with many different OS&#039;s.  Similar in nature to the classic Dink Smallwood (www.rtsoft.com/dink/).
darkworld	Darkworld is a massively multiplayer space based real time strategy game.  Players interact with a world which is continuously active.  A player can create ships, colonize planets, invest in techology, and engage in warfare.
darkworlds	A cross-platform game engine for creating RPGs with interactive, dynamic worlds. Inspired by MicroProse&#039;s Darklands.
darkziansart	Haven Online is an MMORPG for all people!
darodesigns	A litte PHP Content Managment System.
darpa2005	An Autonomous Navigation and Control System for machine guidance.  Itegrates code for various sensor systems such as machine vision, GPS and INS, proximity sensor awareness, and overall system health and control. written in C for Linux/Unix.
darpwatch	A distributed arpwatch system for monitoring stations on wide area ethernet networks
darq	Federated SPARQL queries: Answer one SPARQL query using multiple SPARQL endpoints.
darrt	Darrt provides simple deployment packaging for database code, akin to that provided by JAR, WAR and EAR files in J2EE.
darsana	A first person medieval multi-player experience with quick, yet strategic gameplay set in a fantasy world.
dart	DNA, Amino Acid And RNA Tests: free software for probabilistic measurement and annotation of biological sequences, using phylogenetic Markov chains and stochastic grammars.
dartagnan	D&#039;Artagnan allows you to study your magic routines, share information with other magicians around the world, stock your books (index and references), save and reference notes, share information, and more.
dartbase	Dartbase is a online competition and scheduling software package aimed specifically at the darts competition. Anyone with internet can manage the competition and can consult the darts site for the latest news, scores, schedule and statistics.
dartcalc	Dartcalc is a program that calculates the score of different dart games. It uses a nice GUI (based on the Qt-Library) and supports Mouse and/or Keyboard input.
dartmon	This project provides a system tray application that monitors the status of a project which uses a DART dashboard. Status is displayed by color-coded icons, and message dialogs alert the user when the build status changes.
dartra	A darts game tracker. DarTra is a comprehensive framework to implement, play and track darts games. This allows statistical analysis of your progress as a darts player.
darts	darts - ever found it hard to score a game of darts? With this handy tool, you won&#039;t have to. In the future, it will also track your play and start to perform statistical analysis on your best play and when you were not doing so well.
dartscorekeeper	Dart Scorekeeper is a freeware Windows application to assist in scoring dart games and tracking statistics.  It includes a scoring window, graphical dart board, and displays real-time stats.  It supports the dart games of Cricket, 301/501/etc., and Golf.
darwiin-remote	DarwiinRemote is a tiny software which reads data from and sends data to Nintendo Wii Remote (aka. Wiimote). DarwiinRemote allows you to control your applications by using Wii Remote.
darwin	Java Framework for Evolutionary Computation. This project emphasizes 1) extensibility of the code; 2) the separation of generic (framework) code and application code; 3) maintaining parallels with natural evolutionary mechanisms.
darwin-3dfx	Development of 3dfx drivers for Mac OS X / Darwin.
darwin-arm	Darwin on ARM develops and provides patches for the Apple Darwin-xnu kernel sources so that it can be cross-compiled to run on an ARM processor.
darwin-ircd	DarwinIRCd is an advanced Internet Relay Chat (IRC) Daemon based on UnrealIRCd with added features and enhancements.
darwin-test	Darwin_Test validates the Darwincore2 format, the standard for natural history collections and observational databases on the GBIF network.
darwin-tulip	Help port the tulip driver from free/net/openbsd to Darwin OS.  So far the driver is written to the ADMtek 985 clone chipset and the PNIC 82c169 chipset. Due to IOKit&#039;s object-oriented design, the code can be easily subclassed to support new chipset
darwin2	Data Asset Resource Web Interface (DARWIN) is a multi-level, architectual project tracking system for enterprise-based businesses. Keeps track dynamically of projects names and descriptions, software/hardware/interfaces utilized and vendor contracts.
darwin2k	A toolkit for simulation and evolutionary design for robotics.
darwine	Use Wine (Wine Is Not an Emulator) to run Windows applications on Darwin and Mac OS X.
darwinfiles	The Darwin Files is a collection of up to date ports of open source programs designed to run under DarwinOS and MacOSX.
darwingimp	DarwinGimp is an attempt to bring the current version of Gimp (ported in Darwinports) in a user-friendly way to MacOS.
darwinlib	The Darwin Libraries is the standard collection of functions for &quot;Darwin&quot;, an interactive programming environment for bioinformatics (computational biology) developed at ETH Zurich (Swiss Federal Institute of Technology).
darwinmodems	This project should bring as much as possible ZyXEL modem drivers to Mac OS X/Darwin.
darwinproject	Darwin Project is a new based-experience RTS game in 3D. Developped by a French team in Paris, this game is being made by experienced gamers and learning engenieers. We trust our creativity and want the player to enjoy and share it !
darwinsource	The Darwin Source repository is intended to fill a void left by the closure of the OpenDarwin project: providing a permanent and public repository for the open source components of Mac OS X.
das	Platform-independent server for Dell Digital Audio Receiver and SONICblue Rio Digital Audio Receiver.
das-gff-serv	For laboratories that wish to publish their protein annotation, in relation to the sequence served from a DAS reference server, this is an &#039;out of the box&#039; DAS annotation server, based upon Dazzle that can be deployed locally with minimal confi
dasad	Dasad is a free address book software which can be used via a text and a web interface.
dasblog2dottext	A set of utilities to assist the conversion of a dasBlog-based weblog to a .Text-based weblog.
dasblogce	dasBlog Community Edition is an ASP.NET weblogging application. It runs on ASP.NET 1.1 and is developed in C#. dasBlog, an evolution of the BlogX weblog engine, adds lots of additional features like Trackback, Pingback, Mail notifications, full Blogger/M
dascant	A four-dimensional first-person shooter, designed not to expand your horizons, but to add a new horizon orthogonal to all the other ones you&#039;re used to.
daschau	Student SPAM research project. The Application maps country ID&#039;s in to different kinds. The first visualization uses an Java Applet called Geoplot and the other one uses Google Maps.
daschau1	Web-based E-Mail Client, designed in PHP for IMAP Access
dascybernetz	Sencillo programa para el control de cybercafe, escrito en C++ usando el toolkit Qt y MySQL para almacenar los datos.
daserver	DAServer is a bridge allowing remote connection to any SQL database that supports ODBC. SQL can be sent over XML-RPC from any platform removing the need for expensive/complex bridges and native drivers. Also included is a Zope db product using DAServer.
dash-mac	A Cocoa-based Mac OS X application for use with Mac car installations.
dash42	Dash42 is a win32 application that copies files over local or network drives using an FTP-like interface. It includes resuming, queuing, drag/drop, and loading items into the transfer queue from XML files. Supports simultaneous file transfers.
dashboard	Dashboard is a plugin for IntelliJ IDEA and Eclipse that provides immediate visual feedback of the status of a (remote) continuous integration build process directly in the editor. It initially works with Cruise Control (or vanilla Ant).
dashboardx	This project aims to create an OS X and Windows XP desktop application that will extract relevant information from your computer as you perform everyday tasks such as reading emails or chatting on instant messenger clients.
dashbot	A simple, general-purpose project tracking application and status report generator.
dashbox	Simple Linux-based open-source software and hardware aimed at the hobbyist who wishes to use a PC within a vehicle.
dashcode	Dashcode is a Django-driven news and message-board.
dasher	**** This page is no longer used by the Dasher project - please see http://www.dasher.org.uk/ **** Dasher is a data entry interface incorporating language modelling and driven by continuous two-dimensional gestures, e.g. a mouse, a stylus, or eye-tracker
dashflow	DASH is a document approval system.  It facilitates the flow of documents through typical organizational approval processes and adds features (notifications, etc.) to streamline the  process.
dashpc	The Dashboard Linux PC Project.  A Linux UI for automobile multimedia.  To be used for MP3&#039;s, GPS, DVDs, CD, etc.
dasl	This project will implement DAV Searching &amp; Locating (DASL), an application of HTTP/1.1 forming a lightweight search protocol to transport queries and result sets and allows clients to make use of server-side search facilities.
daslinuxrfc3484	Implementation of support of RFC 3484 - Default Address Selection for Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) for Linux. The support includes the implementation of policy table, API, etc, those are mentioned in RFC 3484.
dasm	DASM is a macro data assembler, meaning that it assembles binary data, not executable code. DASM supports macros, symbols, and expressions which can be used to extend the basic feature set enough that you can write human readable &quot;code&quot; then as
dasm2	A total rewrite of the DASM cross assembler.
dasp	By making use of Distributed Networking, Blacklists, Centralized data storage, and reasonable deduction ( I really hate fanatics ;) ) we can reduce the amount of spam/UCE not only on the client end but directly from the source.
daspam	DASPAM is a lightweight, easy to use, Synaptic-style front end to APT/YUM etc. that runs in a terminal/command line enviroment.
dasproxy	DASProxy: A SMTP server proxy that eliminates the reception of unsolicited junk email by sending temporarily valid encrypted email addresses in the SMTP denied error response. The sender can retrieve the new address from the Message Undeliverable reply.
dassist	A web-based frontend to help students make their school timetable in an online subject registration environment, running totally on the client&#039;s web-browser by grabbing XML from the server, and calculating possible schedules on the fly.
dastank	Goofy and fast paced two-person tank combat game inspired by the original Atari game &#039;Combat&#039; from 1977. Using OpenGL and SDL, compiled for Windows and OSX. My first attempt at a &#039;complete&#039; video game, with help from friends. Enjoy.
dastext	A tightly focused and usable blog publishing engine formed by the merger of two of the most popular .NET blogging engines, DasBlog and Subtext (formerly .TEXT).  DasText runs on ASP.NET 2.0 and is written in C#.
dasync	dAsync is a JavaScript OOP library attempting to keep Ajax development simple, while giving the developer maximum control.
dasypus	Dasypus is a Python package for the DAS/2 protocol (see www.biodas.org), an open specification for exchanging annotations on genomic sequence data.  Dasypus provides a DAS/2 client library and server validation suite.
dasystem	DAS is the Dynamic content Administration System for the websites. It is designed for the content management of DB. It is somewhat similar to phpMyAdmin, but is specialized to edit content of the sites and their sections, rather than general purpose data
dat	DAT is a program that can read or write a Digital Audio Tape (DAT) using a Digital Data Storage (DDS) computer tape drive.
data	Phillipines Tricksters Online!
data-analyzer	A rule-based system which can send formatted text to Microsoft Word according to rules and survey records retrieved from Access database.\nUsers can generate formatted report according to pre-defined rules and survey data collection.
data-aware-ctrl	ASP.NET 1.1 UI generation for objects and data views. Includes enhanced datagrid, details and sidexside viewer. Leverages webform controls and user controls in any cell. Flexible layout; desiger tools; auto 2-way databinding; significantly reduces code
data-context	data-context is an Java objects container. It can contain any object at any deep, just like map, however, it providers following functions:\n1)auto create nesting object when encounter NPE by reflection\n2)auto convert data type\n3)full xpath syntax
data-echo	DataEcho is a TCP session reconstruction utility. It can capture traffic directly from a network adapter or can use a pcap file as input. DataEcho allows the playback of a user&#039;s web browsing, email, or other text-based protocol activity.
data-helicopter	DataHelicopter is intended to analyze and visualize numeric or textual data that is sitting in tables in a Postgres database. It does this by making histograms of columns, joining those histograms together, and visualizing the data in 3D.
data-manager	desktop-data-manager includes a clipboard history for many different types of content (text, images, ...), an application to take screenshots from a single window/subwindow, rectangle of the screen or the whole desktop and a download manager.
data-miner	A project for Data Mining platform for aiding in Genome research and other healthcare, financial and OLTP systems data analysis, mining and provision of reporting on the data.
data-pluginfile	The Data::PluginFiles module for Perl allows for reading &quot;Plugin: param1=val1 param2=val2&quot; style configuration files. Provides an Object-Oriented interface.
data-pump	Simple to configure, extendable, and user friendly framework for importing and exporting data from/to various sources/destinations (database, flat file, web service etc)
data-rancher	Data Rancher is a console (text) based game where you play as a data farmer, trying to defend your files from malicious infections using a variety of security measures.
data-showtable	Perl modules for displaying tables of data.
dataaccess	DataAccess is a generic object relational bridge allowing very flexible access and modification of databases.
dataaccessblock	An enhanced version of Data Access Application Block from Microsoft patterns &amp; practices Enterprise Library 2.0.
dataaccesslayer	Data Access Layer (DAL) is an abstraction layer for application to communicate with DBMS, with DAL you don&#039;t consider about connection,dataadapter,...just make new DAL instance and execute query. It&#039;s independence with DBMS!DAL support Param,Tr
dataaide	DataAide is a VB.Net desktop application that utilises SQL Server 2000 client tools to generate VB.Net, C#, or VB6 classes and stored procedures for tables in a SQL Server 2k database. It also generates ADO.Net or ADO code to call stored procedures.
dataanalyzer	Diploma Thesis around eeg data analysis
dataapp	Open web application platform running on an object-oriented database in mySQL, utilizing/enforcing pure w3c standards. Runs on any platform that can run Apache, mySQL, and Perl/Python/PHP
database-viewer	Data Manipulator is a pure Java GUI interface for SQL databases. Not only an administrative tool, but one that allows a user to create forms and reports. Additionally A Java programmer can use code with Forms, reports a stand alone to manipulate the data
databasebridge	Developing a &quot;bridge&quot; to facilitate transfer of data between various databases(ith dis-similar schemas). JDBC and XML would be used.
databasebrowser	DBBrowser is an open source (GPL license), cross-platform tool which can be used to view the contents of a database. It works with Oracle and MySQL. The user can view, modify, delete records without writing SQL.
databasejface	A database interface created with JAVA using JDBC to connect to MS SQL, MYSQL, Sybase, and Oracle.  A platform independent front end to allow maniputaltion of data mainly for MSSQL 2000.  Has the ability to do searches and upload data to the database.
databaseloader	Using drag and drop, the operator can create database batch inserts. The GUI allows to open databases (JDBC), parses source files (text files) and connect the text file fields with table columns
databaseobject	The DatabaseObject package provides a PHP5 object to database object persistence layer for both object and relational databases.
databaseone	DataBaseOne is a proyect for the generation of a small and &quot;not that robust&quot; Database Engine in C++ oriented to small and medium applications like games, and small and medium companies. The final product should be a static library OS Independen
databean	The DataBean package is a java library providing functionalities of mapping a database table to a Java class (databean). The instances of the databean classes can perform common database operations without using much of the ugly SQL.
databeans	a new (2006), fully object oriented persistence framework for java ; distributed, transactional, garbage collected, it aims to provide a full-fledged solution for enterprise application development.
databeest	Databeest is a flexible multimedia database. You decide what information you store about which media. Just create media on the fly. If you buy some new kind of storage device, you don&#039;t have to search for a new database that supports it anymore!
databind	DataBind is a Java API for persisting any Java object to a data store such as an SQL database using XML files to map the object to the data store.
databionic-esom	The Databionics ESOM Tools offer many data mining tasks using Emergent Self-Organizing Maps. Visualization, clustering, and classification of high-dimensional data using databionics principles can be performed interactively or automatically.
databnames	This software allows who uses it of being able to consult a database containing an immense directory of male and female names from all the world.  Developed in Java. Need people who help the development of the software in java and to insert new names.
databrowser	Package to define easy access for endusers to mysql databases through a webinterface. It&#039;s not just a report generator, it also provides an interface for editing the data in the database. All configuration also done by tables in the same database.
databrowserx	Feel limited by Apple&#039;s HIDataBrowser? - here&#039;s a source-code equivalent that does it all (just about) and more. Fonts, sizes, styles, colours, backgrounds, extensible property handlers, template accessors. How it should have been (imho).
datacalculator	Based on the Swipe Toolkit, Data Calculator lets you know what your information is worth on the open market. Your information is valuable - don&#039;t give it away!
datacardsupport	The datacardsupport project is a set of tools and other software that authoritatively demystifies the connection of applications to a cellular network.
datacarrier	A light database implementation that support some ideas about fast access.
datacenter-tool	This is a datacenter monitoring tool as soon as any servergoes down it send mail to the administartion group. Made of WMI,vbscript impregnated the above technologies in HTA
datacentercoop	Datacenter Sistema de Gestión para Cooperativas hecho en PHP con Base de Datos PostgreSQL, altamente modificable y ajustable a las necesidades. Modulos de Socios, Contabilidad, Finanzas, Proveedores, Recursos Humanos, Inventario, y datos Generales.
datacollector	There is no free software, that can be used to collect system, hardware and infos about a computer system and send it into a file, a database or by mail. Primary this are all kinds of windows systems and a database to save the data in.
datacom1	Simple MUD for Geneseo CSCI331 Project
datacomponents	Data Components Home is a web site offering many projects for both DOS and Windows. Our main project is called &quot;Millennium OS&quot; which is a GUI for DOS environments. This web site offers software for the benefit of other people.
datacons	&gt;&gt; PROJECT STOPPED  &lt;&lt; This Project wanted to create a Agenda.
datacrater	DataCrater which provides any kind of data that  is pulled from internet or any datasource to any front ends ranging from mobile, browser, sms, rss reader etc. This becomes the crater for data published in internet
datacreator	XML/XSLT based JSP dataentry-site generator
datacrow	movie &amp; video, book, images, software (games &amp; program) and music cataloguer / database. Uses online web services (amazon, imdb, musicbrainz, freedb). Skinnable, highly customizable, reporting. Supports DVD, many audio &amp; video file formats an
datadaemon	This is an open-source gnutella protocol based client coded primarily in Delphi.
datadesigner	Standards based .Net document server. With peer-to-peer content exchange abilities.
datadivisions	DataDivisions is an open-Source, web-based application designed for web developers working on small to mid-size business websites to assist in the communication of website statistic and error log data comparisons to their employers.
datadog	Datadog is an object persistence layer written in Java. Features include caching, transaction support, and much more using a rich and flexible API.
datadraw	DataDraw3.0 is a feature rich persistent database generator for high performance C applications, built on mature DataDraw2.0 technology, DataDraw3.0 brings 15 years of experience supporting over 1 million lines of high performance code.
datadraw3d	DataDraw3d is a library and a programm for interactive displaying different kinds of scientific data in the interactive manner. It use OpenGL and/or GDK drawing facilities to archive best performance on high variety of platforms.
datadrivenui	This project is about developing tools for support data-driven user interface development.
datadump	Datadump is an application for Creating DataDump Text File Along With SQL Script [Insert Statements] From Any Accessible SQL Server Database For Saving (Data Backup) And Restoring Data. Can Be Used For Uploading Data To Remote Server Using Query Analyzer
datadumper	DataDumper dumps any PHP-resource on the screen or in a file. The variable/object/other resource is displayed with syntax highlighting, indenting and variable type information in a very intuitive format. File and linenumber of the call is displayed.
dataentity	At the core of the framework lies the dataentity object, which is an attempt to provide Java with a more powerful Data Object. An example usage is included in the form af a powerful MVP type GUI framework.
dataexpert	A program written in Java that allows to generate test data for SQL databases. Constraints on the data output can be flexibly specified via a GUI. At the moment, only PostgreSQL is supported, but support for other databases can be added via metadata.
dataexplorer	DataExplorer is a program that explores unknown or known data files according to a data map script. It contains a windows client which can output a formated view of the data.
dataextractor	The DataExtractor (HTMLtoXML) extracts data from a HTML page according to a configuration file and puts the data into an XML file according to a specified structure. It is a tool to extract data from HTML pages and to store the data in XML files.
dataface	Provides extensible and intuitive user interface for MySQL databases with ability to add/edit/delete/search and manage relationships. Written in PHP.
datafarm	DataFarming - A suite of software to support data farming of models
datafile	Java utility library for reading text based data files such as CSV, tab separated, and fixed width format files.
datafix	A Java based tool for controlled and audited modification of data in a relational database.  The purpose is to facilitate controlled changes to rdbms where application screens are not available or inadequate.
dataflow	Provides a significant portion of the common plumbing code necessary when implementing PHP applications. This includes configuration management, logging, error handling, views &amp; templates, persistence, db abstraction, O/R mapping, localization, and m
datafloworm	This project is a hybrid between two O/R Mapping practices, Code Generation and Template Specification, that combines the flexibility derived from each.
dataforge	DataForge is a scalable engine for performing queries across a heterogenous set of data sources that can be both relational (SQL) and non-relational (anything!).  This project has migrated to http://dataforge.codehaus.org/
datafountains	Data Fountains is an automated collection building system of benefit to Internet portals, digital libraries and library catalogs. Web crawlers find new resources. Text extractors/classifiers create metadata, descriptions, rich full-text. C++.
dataframework	Mono Database Access Framework with Demonstrative Implementation in Web Application
datafu	Easily transform one data &amp;quot;sink&amp;quot; to another.  That is, for example, from one file format to another, or from a table to a file, etc.
datagalaxy	Data Galaxy contains Job Planner, Text Editor, Calculator, Draw Pad, Contacts List all in one application.
datagen	Datagen is a java application that produces test data in various record and file formats.
datagenerator	Datagenerator is a library and GUI for generating rule based test data for various databases like Mysql, Firebird, Interbase, MSSQL, Oracle, SQLite and PostgreSQL.
datagraph	Not C Sharp.  Four goals:  1. Create a CSharp compiler written in C# and CUP Parser Generator.  2. Learn how to write a compiler.  3. Encourage compiler experimentation by anyone who is interested.
datagrapher	The Datagrapher is a webfrontend for the RRDTool of Tobias Oetiker. Main task is the simple creation of combined graphics which can be dynamically generated and manipulated.
datagrid	To improve the Grid control written by Chris Maunder (http://www.codeproject.com/miscctrl/gridctrl.asp) equipping it with access to limitlessly great databases. Win32/Visual C++/MFC/ATL/OLEDB.
dataharbour	Dataharbour aims to provide a general and configurable storage engine for Workflow systems. It provides pluggable APIs against most Database Management Systems and Workflow Management Systems.
dataharvest	An extensible framework for the automated harvesting, indexing and collation of publicly available data from internet resources for example RSS feeds and webservices.
dataharvester	DataHarvester is desktop tool for structured data extraction from HTML dynamicaly generated sources (sites like business directories, event calendars etc.) Gathered data can be exported to SQL, XML, Microsoft Access database...
datahaul	Universal Data Haul is an ETL/EAI solution. It facilitates real-time business decisions, collect/load data from/to anywhere, transport it through any protocol, exchange the data into any format and free solution to the IT, data warehousing community.
dataholder	Data Holder object/relational mapper. Provides typed data ecapsulation and database persistence for .net apps. It also contains a wizzard for generating the data objects code and persistance code. Right now it has implementation only for MSQL 2000.
datahub	DataHub is a java based system that tends to provide a center point for blogger systems. It allows data immigration and copying among multiple blogger systems. Blogger is the main system DataHub supports.
dataio	DIED PROJECT. The dataio is C++ i/o library that provides stream input/output as CSV with configurable column separator. Also support win ini like format and binary data. The author is planning to reimplement CVS/binary input/output into sscilib.
dataisland	The Dataisland Framework is a ReST compliant content management and semantic web service framework.
datajukebox	Software to organize CDs, DVDs, etc in boxes, cases or anything that groups them. Searches by keywords or files. Future support for CDDB
datakeeping	DataKeeping, provide a net based backup and visualize of spreadsheet like data. Based on MySQL and PHP.
datakit	A set of tools for for modeling and generating database schemas, generating Java code, and generating Hibernate data maps.
datalang	DL was designed to be a pure data language, built on very simple constructs, and internally representing typed values rather than depending on external schemas to infer type values.
datalayer	A .NET framework to build n-Tier applications providing an object/relational mapper independent of the DBMS. It offers services to the bussiness layer like one to one, one to many and many to many relationships, data caching, and object pooling.
datalg	DataLG generates a complete data layer for .Net 1.1 and 2.0 applications. Create stored procedures, views, and tables on the database side, then use DataLG to create an assembly (and its source) to interact with them.
datalinks	Data Links is a wxWidgets application to generate wrappers for the wxWidgets ODBC classes.  The goal of this project is to create an application that makes writing database driven wxWidgets applications easier and faster.
datalinkusb	This is the personal information manager software for the Timex Data Link USB watch. Information about the watch can be found at http://www.timex.com/datalink. Other development information can be found at http://www.timex.com/developer/datalink.
dataloader	DataLoader is a tool for persisting the data stored in flat files.
datalogger-gui	A GUI for viewing data from a Cypris chip based Data Logger used at OSU and other TekBot programs.
datalus	PHP web API designed to simplify object handling(loading, saving, querying, displaying, and editing), abstract the data from its display structure, and layout and allow the target data to be delivered to any supported format without special logic.
datalynk	An advanced graphical user interface for interaction and manipulation of data. Java 2D graphics will be used to provide a user friendly environment.
datama	Datama! The cinematic experience of data - enabling media to be produced and relayed as a non linear experience.
datamag	Datamag is a database manager for SQlite, MySQL and more. You can perfectly use it as a alternative for PHPmyAdmin and many other SQL database managers.
dataman	Dataman is a fully multi-threaded database server and client API libraries in C, C++, Java, and a PHP module has now been added as well.  This is a &#039;direct access&#039; database, not a relational one.  It emulates the verbs of the EDITOR language.
datamanagement	A set of php scripts to manage your data for selected DB. All your tables will be shown you for data management on them.  MySQLDataManagement is intended to add / edit / delete / list records on selected table - DB .
datamanager	A Java based data and content management framework and GUI frontend.
datamapper	The user can online fill documents. There will be stored in a SQL database. After then the user can get his documens in varoius formats like HTML or PDF.
datamaster	This project is developing a program to load and update data within the SQL-Ledger  application database.  Specifically, customer, vendor, and part (including initial inventory and price) information can be loaded.  It is written in Java.
datamatch	This code is used in conjunction with a written survey.  The answers people give on the survey are entered into the DataMatch, and it produces pairs based on answer similarities.  While originally design for use with a school fundraiser, it can easily be
dataminder	DataMinder Agents are extensible, small, distributed, secure, interrpreted agents used to connect a variety of your handlheld and laptop/desktop devices to give you complete and up-to-date day-to-day reminders, consolidate your phone lists, and help keep
dataminer	dataMiner is a set of PHP classes used to browse, search, and manipulate data stored in a database.  dataMiner does NOT manipulate the database or the schema.  It only handles the data.  Customizations for presenting smart interfaces are configurable.
dataminer01	Complete Platform of Business Intelligence
datamininggrid	WSRF-compliant tools and services for data mining in grid computing environments, based on: Globus Toolkit 4, Condor and Triana. Learn more at http://www.datamininggrid.org Copyright (c) 2007 DataMiningGrid Consortium.
datamixer	Datamixer mixes data. It generates mock data, mixes it with data that it reads from various places, and writes the results to various places. It understands different data structures, formats, and data types.
datamodel	This project aims to produce a concise open source docuemnt/HOWTO that describes the essence of how to analyze and model data.
datamodeler	A graphical data modeling tool, allowing one to build Entity-Relation data models for use with Relational Databases (RDBMS).  The tool allows one to forward generate a SQL script of statements to build the model within a SQL92-compliant database.
datamodeling	PROJECT IS BEING DEVELOPED UNDER A DIFFERENT NAME: Please visit http://sourceforge.net/projects/modelbuilder/ Datamodeler gives scientists and engineers the possiblity to find any multivariate model for any dataset, how complex or large both may be.
datamonkey	Data monkey was to be a powerful windows data translation and conversion application to convert complex text file formats, database data, data from custom devices into other formats. I never finished it and was hoping someone would take it over.
datamonster	Console based application for managing data for d20 D&amp;D games.  Goals include monster generation, xp calculator, game time/calendar and combat manager.
datamtoolbox	A loose collection of source code and libraries for mining and recovering data from all manner of obscure file formats and media
datanasos	The manager of data request from the international seismic stations
datanet	MathCAD-like math software.\nPlanned features include graphs, equations and more.
datanodes	Datanodes is a non-strict subset of XML, providing a very simple way of storing configuration data without all the normal XML-clutter, and with native support for binary data.
dataobjectmappr	DataObjectMapper is a lightweight C# library that automatically (without mapping files) maps database tables, views and generic SQL to .NET objects. The project includes full test scripts and a code generation tool to create C# code from your database.
dataobjects	DataObjects is a high-level C++ library that assists developers in designing 2D or 3D applications in the fields of computer gaming, computer graphics, and image processing.
dataoneusagecal	DataoneUsageCal is a very simple screen scraper program coded in VB6.It uses IE5 or higher, to fetch pages from the BSNL site, and after parsing out the required records, presents them in a manner which is more helpful which can be saved as html files.
dataparser	Dataparser is a python library that reads any data source (csv, Excel, XML, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQL Server...), parses the information, and outputs it to any destination.
datapipeline	A graphical data manipulation and processing system including data import, numerical analysis and visualisation. The software is written in Java and built upon the Netbeans platform to provide a modular desktop data manipulation application.
dataplastique	Dataplastique is a host for simple XUL-based document editing plugins, editing everything from music collections to food recipies. Status is pre-alpha. No files have been uploaded yet.
datapture	DATAPTURE offers a novel way for creating Database driven PHP sites with a minimun programming. Simplify SQL queries, Intuitive Content Management System (CMS). Session Management. Enhaced XML and JSON data exchange.
dataquality	This project is dedicated to open source data quality and data management initiatives. Data Quality includes profiling, filtering, governance, data enrichment/alteration, real time alerting. Also it will change data insitu and load flat files into dabase
dataquicker	DataQuicker is a data access layer framework. It helps us to cut down, accelerate development and decrease risks. It&#039;s more possible to provide our customers a perfect on-time project, and release us away from working over-time and delay.
dataradar	dataRADAR is a tool designed to be used in conjunction with the dataPOWER application from PDF. Making use of perl/php, it enables administrators greater visibility in the life cycle of tested wafers
datarealbrowser	This is a complete databases browser for Real Estate Management.
datarunner	DataRunner will retrieve data from many common fitness devices including: Garmin, Polar, Timex, and many others.  DataRunner will store/process the data in a standard XML format called: Fitness Markup Langauage (FML).
datascore	Datascor.net is a tool to index web data and collect it for webmining (statistics analysis). The development are made in java and php.
datascript	DataScript: DataScript is a language to describe and manipulate binary data formats.
datascythe	DataScythe is a roleplaying solution designed to manage characters, maps, and statistics, and includes an in-game &quot;GM toolbox.&quot;  It is written in PHP and utilizes a MySQL database for data storage.
dataserver	DataServer is an XML gateway for medical applications.  Using Apache Cocoon and Java, it supports SQL, SOAP, HTTP for patient record aggregation, provides distributed caching, custom views, audit, security, and de-identification/anonymization.
dataset	DataSet library is Java based library which is table form datacontainer in memory. It has fixed number of columns and varying numbers of rows. It read and write data from datasource through pluggable engines. Connection to SQL/JDBC databases is supported
datashare	DataShare is a Java-based server that waits for clients to connect to a Channel (socket), then forwards any received data to other clients in that Channel. See the &lt;a href=&quot;http://rendezvous.sourceforge.net&quot;&gt;Rendezvous&lt;/a&gt; project f
datashow	Application to display lyrics or other texts in a projector, intended to be used in church&#039;s services. It is designed to be simple, flexible and quick to operate.
datasift	DataSift is a Java data validation and transformation framework conceived to be as flexible and adaptable to any situation as possible by building on a highly modular, plugin-based architecture.
datasink	DataSink is a simple streaming Java library for processing JDBC ResultSets. Includes an example servlet which writes a (huge) ResultSet into a zipped .DBF/.FPT file pair and sends it out over the web (with no initial delay).
datasiphon	DataSiphon is a data manipulation and transformation utility written in Python. It provides both command-line and graphical interfaces and allows users to easily move data between databases or files, performing on-the-fly Python-scripted transformations.
datasoul	Java application to manage and display song lyrics in worship services.
datasponge	Data Replication Application.
datastream	DataStream is a new internet application that incorporates email, chat, search, data storage, word processing and constant update tools such as stock quotes, weather, and news into a single, compact application.
datastreams	The NSketch library provides implementations of most common sketch-based algorithms (histograms, quantile, frequent items, bloom filter ...). The library is written in C# for .Net.
datastructbench	Benchmarks for evaluating tools for verifying data structure consistency properties.  Focus is on statically proving partial correctness of benchmarks.
datastructlib	This is a simple fully ANSI C-only library that supports some generic data structures like safe strings, hash tables, linked lists, balanced trees, and so forth.
datastructures	I&#039;ve created c++ library implementing elementary data structures. \nFor example, bidirectional linked lists, stacks, binary trees, trees, FIFO queue, grafo, mfset, ecc... that can be used for solving several problems.
dataswapper	This tool allows import/export of data in many formats (CSV, flat file, XML, ecc.) from Firebird database. It supports multiple OS (mainly linux and windows). The tool works from command line to allow it\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;s use even in production servers.
datasync	Simple backup/sync program.  Syncs all content from a given directory to another, handy for backup to an external hard drive.
datasynch	DataSynch , programmins language is java language. It&#039;s will support all environments.To arm synch data of U-disk and network.My team will need to experience to exercise by project.a listing of the existing data formats your software will use, softw
datatable	DataTable is a small database browser written in java.
datatest	DataTest is a test library for Java ORM (Object Relational Mapping) frameworks. It provides tools for comprehensive testing of read and write operations involving ORM Data Access Objects (DAOs), and an API for simplifying data access test operations.
datatime	The DataTime Process Framework is intended to support the processing of time-based data in a modular, concurrent, distributed and extensible manner. C++, using YARP, ACE, Qt and MUSCLE on Linux, OSX, Windows and Solaris.
datatoolsdotnet	DataTools is a Data Access Layer written in C# for the .net platofrm.  Besides data access code, it also includes a data object generator and a caching framework.  The dataaccess code has been tested on sql-server and mysql.
datatransfer	DataTransfer is General Transfer Object Java class
datatype	This perl module supports data and value types. Out of the ordinary it supports parameterised types, like databases have i.e. VARCHAR(80). When you try to feed a typed variable against some odd data, this module explains what he would have expected.
dataview	DataView is an enterprise web reporting tool and integration tool for your enterprise information reporting needs. It allows you to develop, deploy and organize fully customizable data marts for the decision makers throughout your organization.
dataviewer	DataViewer allows users to visualy browse any data file, viewing images regardless of file format.
dataviews	modular environment for graphical visualization of stock market type data
datavision	DataVision is a database reporting tool similar to Crystal Reports. It supports many data sources (JDBC, files) and many output formats (HTML, XML, PDF, LaTeX, comma- and tab-separated files, DocBook). Drag-and-drop GUI editing. Reports stored as XML.
datawave	DataWave does the representation of data objects from database to XML content with the help of hibernate. It automatically manages the list/view/edit/drop/navigate operations. What&#039;s more, it is also a web console for the management of various datab
dataweb	Dataweb is framework for any application.
dataworkhorse	Data Workhorse: a Java Gui interface for Oracle and others with extensible menus, JDBC/ODBC Wizards, and file processing features.
datax	DataX (Data eXtreme) is an aplication designed for small to medium sized programming teams. It can store the name and value of all the variables used in a project. More to come.
dataxi	Dataxi is a database access system that uses a single form to query, view and modify data spread to one or more tables in a true relational manner.
datazoomer	DataZoomer is an open source application development framework specializing in collaboration, content management and custom multi-user shared applications.  DataZoomer is written in Python.
datcoll	DatColl is a .Net based Data Collection and Reporting Application. Powered by marision tech
date-time-4-php	A new and more comprehensive Date Class for PHP than currently exisits.
datebooktoolbox	The Datebook Toolbox is a growing collection of scripts to help extract information from the Palm Datebook and Palm Desktop Datebook.  Most were written as add-ons for the WebCalendar, but can be used anywhere.
datecalc	Canyon is a date calculator utility that aims to provide handy methods to perform arithmetic calculations on java.util.Date objects. Developers are free to plug in their own localized instances of java.util.Calendar or to use the default GregorianCalenda
datechooser	DateChooser is a Java class that allows a programmer to present the user with an input dialog for easily choosing a date and feeding it to the program.
dateconv	Converts Julian Dates to Gregorian Dates and Back Again
dateformatter	A simple date formatter of C#
dateisucher	Kobold&#039;s file searchengine is a cgi script for Homepages, programed in Aptilis, a easy to learn scripting language. The main search script, an example html file is included plus a script for indexing your files. No Database required, only a HTTP Ser
datemanager	This is a Date-manager program
datenschaufler	A tiny framework for database migration. Enables table-creation, data-copying, constraint-, index-, sequence- and view-creation for multiple databases. It should be possible to move as much from a  database A to a database B, implemented on diff. systems
datepicker	Date Picker is a Java Swing visual utility that can be easily integrated into Java rich client applications.
dateselector	Date Selector is a Palm-Pilot like Date Selection utility that can be used in Java Swing applications.  It also comes with a DateEditor class that allows it to be used as the Cell Editor for a date field in a JTable.
dateshift	Dateshift is a small kernel module for Linux 2.2-2.6. It shifts time of preset list of process names, based on configuration file. Shift value is represented in seconds in absolute and relative forms. This module may be valuable for developers.
datetimestamp	DateTimeStamp is program what allows to get EXIF information from picture taken by digital camera and to stamp date/time information on it. Properties of  digital stamp can be selected using GUI. Stamping a selected group of files is allowed.
datevalidator	A JavaScript to perform date validation. It works on the client side in a web page.  It is prepared to support Languages other then English.  The month can be spelled out or abbreviated.  Only English is supported at this point.
dathena	DeviAthena is an open source Ragnarok Online server. It is used mainly to host my own server.
dating	This project will be a free online dating service for geeks/nerds. This site will have a central database which any one running the software on there site can connect to. So, one central place for all dating, and any one can place the code on there site.
dating-savoie	This is a dating website, it is made with php/mysql. The code is under GPL. The website will provides some interesting features like RSS, chat/IM with jabber, and others...
datingonjsf	Java dating and match-making system focused on enterprise scalability and performance for big websites. Features profile searches, messaging, and back-end administration panel. Based on JavaServer Faces technology.
datingscript	Project overview: A GPL PHP dating script with standard dating features such as; profile posts,profile searching,picture posting,navigation,audio chat,video chat,horoscopes,questionnaires,polls,add to favorites, etc. User end install script needed server
datmanx	Data management with interface in many Indian languages. Hindi Marathi English etc using a GUI and having a separate internet interface.May be used by small organisations with branches spread over an area.
datools	DATools is a collection of scripts, tools and conversions for DirectAdmin Web Control Panel. These are intended to enhance/extend DirectAdmin\\&#039;s capabilities.
datosse	The project is about a document text search engine. It must provide web and desktop frontends.
datreader	datreader is a digital audio tape reader for Linux, working with audio-capable DDS tape drives, based on the works of read_dat and wdat, all adapted for the SCSI general driver V3.
datsaturntable	DJ Software that supports skins and user-scripted plug-ins to mix digital music tracks on the fly.  Utilizes DirectMusic, DirectSound, and DirectShow for sound rendering.
datsearcher	Este es un basico Script que permite mostrar todas las imagenes dentro de un directorio. Crea imagenes en miniatura. Requiere la libreria GD2 para mostrar imagenes en miniatura.
dattel	DATTEL means &quot;DATa parallel TEmplate Library&quot;. It is a C++ library providing STL-algorithms on shared memory (via pthreads) and/or distributed memory (via MPI). The parallelism is hidden from the programmer. Porting code to DATTEL should be eas
daudio	Daudio is a set of programs to have fully syncronized, distributed mp3 audio over a local network.  Now you can have all your computers playing mp3s at once!
dav	davfs is a Linux file system driver that allows you to mount a WebDAV server as a disk drive. WebDAV is an extension to HTTP/1.1 that allows remote collaborative authoring of Web resources, defined in RFC 2518.
davad	The DAVAD (Design Annotation for Visualization, Analysis, and Documentation) project exists to define a standard description for high-level attributes of hardware designs and a set of example tools using this description
davarlearn	Davar Learn is a simple program to aid Biblical language learning. Hebrew in perticular and at a later point Greek. A program that uses the most effective method available to learn grammer, vocabulary and fluency with as little time and strain as posible
davcache	DavCache is a WebDAV interface to JBossCache. It allows you to access the cache like a filesystem, any modifications being automatically replicated across the cluster.
dave	DAVE is an integrated environment for the reduction, visualization and analysis of inelastic neutron scattering (scientific) data. It is built with IDL from Research Systems, Inc. DAVE is fully supported on Linux, Windows and MacOS X.
daveandjeff	An Eclipse plugin written in Java that is an open framework for experimenting with different analyses of Java programs.  We provide tools to tie together various know analyses and develop new ones in order to better understand Aspect Oriented programs.
davedap	DaveDAP is now phpLDAPadmin. Go to http://phpldapadmin.sourceforge.net/ for details.
davedina	The Dave/Dina Project was created to satisfy all the home entertainment needs of the average hacker.  A Dave/Dina box is a computer connected to your TV screen, stereo, phone, and other stuff, running open-source software, and allowing you to manipulate 
davenport	Davenport is a servlet-based WebDAV gateway to a CIFS network.  This allows you to access Windows/Samba shares using any web browser.  WebDAV clients (such as Windows Web Folders) can upload and download from the shares as if they were local folders.
davepy	Davepy is a Chinese Pinyin Input Method Editor (IME), which supports smoothly converting from Chinese Pinyin to Chinese Hanzi. In which some statistic language modeling approaches are introduced and some NLP technique will be added into it continually.
daves-av-ss	Create a custom screen saver from audio and video files. Dave&#039;s AV Screensaver supports any format supported by Windows Media Player, and will allow multiple files to be looped continuously from a user specified playlist. .NET Framework 1.1+ require
davexchange	DAVExchange is a workgroup software similar to Microsoft Exchange Server based on WebDAV technology. It is composed of a client and a service component.
david-calendar	``A little sparrow has all stuffs of a bird.&#039;&#039; Calendar Sparrow is a little pretty calendar in what you can record anything and search it later. Enjoy it!
david-ddm	DDM(Delicate Document Manager) is a tool for searching, browsing and managing PDF documents. It provides an Explorer-like view of PDF files with their titles instead of file names. It embeds a fast incremental search function for finding PDF files.
davide-ficano	Utilities for Windows and Unix OS, they simplifies life to developers and power users
davidson-2006-a	This is an educational project designed to tutor high school pupils in the foundations of code developing and open source concepts.
davidson-2006-b	Davidson 2006-7 CS&amp;Academy project. Game - player (client server).
davidsperlgames	Ascii arcade-style games written in Perl!  Shoot the invading aliens in PerlBlaster, steer your car down winding pathways while collecting extra gas and point flags in PerlRacer, exterminate the mutant hordes in PerlArena, and more!
davilsphpbb	davil&#039;s phpBB is an enhanced version of the well-known phpBB by http://www.phpbb.com/
davim	The goal of the DAVIM project is to create a distributed Instant Message system based on the omnipresent Apache server, equiped with the WebDAV module. It involves creating a client software and building server-side components that augment the service.
davin	DaVin is a VB chat server/client project being developed in the free time of two computing students.
davinci	DaVinci aims to be a multi-platform/language IDE focusing on web development, developed in Lazarus. It will include a HTML form designer (and a code editor!) and generate valid XHTML/CSS.
davinci4j	DaVinci is a development framework for model-driven Web Engineering. It provides an UML-based modelling concept as well as an architectural framework and an API for the rapid development of heavily extensibly, secure and stable web applications.
davispro2	Weather station web display for the Davis Instruments Vantage pro2 and the Vantage pro2 Plus. This Perl script creates an interactive web front end like the actual Davis console but for the web, instead of the technical Davis web front end.
davl	The purpose of this project is to develop the Disk Allocation Viewer for Linux (DAVL) that can obtain the state of fragmentation on disk and visualize it.
davlib	This library for MacOS (classic MacOS, Carbon and OSX) abstracts WebDAV client functionality (RFC2518) into a simple object model. It encapsulates many specifics of the WebDAV protocol and instead exposes a set of C++ classes which can be used for web si
davmail	Ever wanted to get rid of Outlook ? Davmail is a POP/SMTP exchange gateway allowin g users to use any mail client (e.g. Thunderbird) with an Exchange server, even from the internet through Outlook Web Access on any platform (Java based)
davmgr	Development of a Java application designed to managing web content with  WebDAV protocol.
davportlets	WebDAV JSR 168 Portlets
davtech-apps	Applications for daily use. Like browsers, text editors, and others. This is also a place to find great tools.
davtool	Davtool is a command line style tool which can perform WebDAV methods. We can use davtool for WebDAV batch work. It is similar to wget. While wget can perform only the GET method, Davtool can perform all WebDAV methods.
davtools	The purpose of this project is to develop the Disk Allocation Viewer(DAV) tools for Linux that can obtain the state of fragmentation on disk and visualize it.
davves	Davves is a win32 (9x, 2k, XP) client search and download tool for smb networks. It supports resuming, fast searching and a great download manager.
daw	Framework can unite all existing C++ frameworks by providing &quot;interface&quot; alike classes in conjunktion with automatic adapters for all well-known C++ frameworks.
daw-tool	Aplicación web capaz de gestionar peticiones de practicas, entregas de memorias y gestion de listas de correos para la asignatura Diseño de Aplicaciones WEB (http://laurel.datsi.fi.upm.es/~ssoo/DAW). Facilmente portable para usos similares.
dawa	Property Management General System (PMGS)
dawanlook	Dawanlook : Connector plugin to OpenGroupware for Outlook
dawgpaw	DawgPaw IRCd development - Based on the Nefarious IRC Daemon
dawgtasktracker	A Distributed Ad-hoc Work Group Application for allocation, and follow up of tasks, throughout your buddy list.
dawkins	Dawkins is an A.I. system designed to understand written english text.
dawm	dawm - Data Acquisition with Multimeters. Collect data from multimeters via the GPIB interface.  It works with an HP 3457A (6.5 digits), should work with the HP 3458A (8.5 digits) and hopefully others will add support for other digital multimeters
dawn-renderer	Dawn is a fast GI renderer written in C++. It employs various techniques proven to be efficient, like Monte Carlo tracing and photon mapping. It is designed to be as efficient as possible. Dawn is currently in the first development stage.
dawnofinfinity	Dawn Of Infinity is a space-based combat/trade game which will eventually support hundreds to thousands of players as players add supporting nodes to the network, increasing the total number of systems in the galaxy.
daws	DAWS is fast and scalable web server capable of running on a cluster. DAWS is written entirely in Ada.
dax	DAX is a set of libraries providing access to various astronomical data file formats, along with sophisticated methods of representing physical quantities and converting between quantities. Basic mathematical functions are also provided.
daxcer3	Dax AIML allows Alice (A Chatbot that uses AIML) to be run on Asheron&#039;s Call (An MMORPG). It uses decal to interface into Asheron&#039;s Call.
daxi	Daxi is an aplication for simulating and designing operating systems scheduling algorithms for processes and IO scheduling.
daxteredu	An enterprise application to help administrate and monitor all school processes.
daybay	This set of irc services was based upon ircservices.  It is going to be kept up to date with UnrealIRCd protocol changes.  Features bahamut, dreamforge, unrealircd, (soon to be ultimate), and IRCu P9 support.  No plans currently to remove P9 and use P10.
daycaretracker	A program used by day care facilities to track children in their care.
daycms	A content management system written in PHP with module-interface and the usage of XSL-templates.
daylightd	A daemon to notify at the approximate time of sunrise, sunset, dawn dusk etc. via dbus and/or udp and provide current status (day, night etc.) in response to a query via dbus, or tcp connection. Calculations based on time and lat/long from gpsd.
dayofweek	this is a program for timing yourself in your speed at day-of-the-week calendar lightning calculation. the current world record is 120+ days/minute. this will provide a barometer of how well you rank.
dayon	Dayon is a freely available personal contact and event management software that provides contact oriented information to users on day to day basis. User logs in daily thru client and can add other users whose public information like birthdays etc
daypilot	Outlook-like event calendar control for ASP.NET.
daysaver	Having trouble with DST2007? This utility is able to update daylight savings time information on multiple computers at once. You can set it for the computer you are running it on, a single remote computer, a list of remote computers, or an IP range.
daysofwar	AI project similar to chess game, but using new rules and pieces of the WWII.
dayta	dayta contains several products for integration into the Plone Content Management System. dayta products have been developed by tomcom GmbH.
daytanea	William Gibson in his Science Fiction described AI controlled intrusion combat equipment or ICE. This project is to help and develop AI based ICE
daytrader	Day Trader is a Perl-based stock market game. The game is targeted at a &quot;platform independent&quot; audience. There are both shell, and GUI versions planned for this simple game.
daytraderbeans	DaytraderBeans is a development platform for automated trading systems. It is entirely written in Java and is based on the NetBeans platform
daywalk	DayWalk is an application that allows you to create and manage daily appointments and tasks.
daywatch	The system allows to setup monitoring of web sites for events like changing content, going down and so on. E-mail alerts can be setup. Filtering conditions can avoid false alerts. Diff like presentation of change. Watch points setup. Java, Ajax.
dazero	DaZero ospita LinuxDaZero e WindowsDaZero, due progetti il cui obiettivo è quello di scrivere un libro che permetta a chi è veramente &#039;a zero&#039; di computer di utilizzarlo con un sistema operativo libero e (spesso) gratuito.
dazibo	BabyFoot Game.
dazphp	DaZPHP scripts are usefull scripts like a forum, a news script, and such, all written in PHP.
db-2-pdo	db_2_pdo is a PHP class that allows developers to use Pear::DB along with PDO.  Currently, this is not available.  If you would like to use SQLITE3 and PHP5, you will need to use PDO, and if you&#039;ve used PEAR::DB, you will need this class.
db-central	DbCentral is a centralized database schema management program that supports multiple DBMSs. It allows user to define high level database schema and generates database objects such as tables, SPs and middle tier components for .NET to do DML operations.
db-connection	DbConnection is a small Java library that transparently encapsulates obtaining a java.sql.Connection-compliant instance. The connection may come from a javax.sql.DataSource, connection pool, etc. Also, prepared and executed statements are being logged.
db-db	JPDA-based integrated debugger for mixed-language applications. Contact: grisha@alum.mit.edu.
db-esession	DB_eSession class securely stores PHP sessions in a MySQL Database with lots of incorporated features for Internet or Intranet use.
db-import-x	Import data into relational databases.  Support for static and dynamic lookups, deduplification,  denormalisation and batch processing. Eliminates time consuming script writing.   Supported databases: mysql
db-model-excel	Welcome to Database Modeling Excel Project Home Page Current release: 1.6.2006.0814 Author: Steven Yang Please send your email to Steven Yang(steven.n.yang@gmail.com) if you have question. Database Modeling Excel can help to design a SQL Database. It has
db-obj-builder	DB Object builder is a simple tool which can generate a lot of Java source file for you.\nEach Java source file map to a table in your database. It is like Hibernate, but it is smaller than it and do not use any complex XML configuration files.
db-objects	Framework for creating database bound objects
db-octopus	The objective of DB Octopus is to managing a database more effectively and more convenient to use. It mediate a database engine system and a client.
db-org	Database Organizer is a graphical schema editor. The schema can be transferred from a database ( any of them - Oracle, Postgres, msSQL, etc. ). It includes an SQL builder, schema comparator, index viewer, etc.
db-pam	Database PAM is based on the pam_mysql project with several additional features. Features include arbitary query strings into which the username and passwords are substitued and encrypted passwords so that plain text isn&#039;t sent to the database. Curr
db-query	DB::Query abstracts access to various databases through a simple and general API which allows complex search queries, update, insert and delete operations.
db-reporter	Simple database reporting driven from the shell.  Currently supported report formats are delimited and Excel (XLS).  Primary aim is for no-frills reporting and data validation.
db-rse	Database Record Selector and Editor (DB-RSE) is a PHP program intended to be a very simplified MySQL database record selector and editor. Having only two files, it is simple to install and setup. Select a table, select a record, edit and save.
db-satellite	PHP Code generator for advanced database usage.
db-skeleton	DB skeleton is a tool for create database script.
db-squid	The objective of DB Squid Project is to managing a database more effectively and more convenient to use. It mediate a database engine system and a client. and could be used as database middleware using asynchronous communication to database.
db-xml	A multi-platform, open-source (of course!) tool to convert a database to into an XML document.  Also will include tools for the creation of XSL documents to parse the XML documents.
db-xplorer	Java based universal database explorer. Can be used to import/export data from and to the database, reporting and application generation purposes.
db-xsl-cfg	DocBook XSL Configurator is a Java (Swing) application used to create DocBook XSL FO customization layers. It allows you to create DocBook XSL FO customization layers from within a GUI and runs external subprocesses to process DocBook XML and XSL.
db12	A webapplication to maintain contacts and artworks to be used by cultural organisations
db186pp	db186++ is a key/value database (DB) library built upon the last BSD-licensed version of the Berkeley DB (1.86).  DB has been converted to C++, is in the \\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot;db186pp\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot; namespace, and will be enhanced as resources and expertise al
db2-jmin	Web-Based/Desktop DB2, ORACLE, DERBY, FIREBIRD, MYSQL,POSTGRE client (general-purpose), inspired on phpMyAdmin. It runs on Tomcat 5.5 or SWING with JDK 1.5 (Multi-plataform, Schema Browsing, Tables Browsing, Tables Structure, SQL Query editor)
db2clientinst	Just as it sounds, this is a ksh script to install the DB2 client on AIX or Solaris.
db2db	db2db is a database client for transferring database objects (tables, their data, primary keys, foreign keys, indexes) among heterogeneous RDBMS. db2db is written in java and uses jdbc.
db2dir	Use an ODBC database to generate and manage LDAP directories (ActiveDirectory, NT/ADSI, Domino, Exchange and later any LDAP-compliant directory) in a school and/or university environment. Later versions offer Unix/Linux support (generation of passwd/shad
db2dot	Reverse engineers a database using foreign key constraints. Output format is a graphviz dot file representing the ER diagram.
db2identitysync	When using DB2&#039;s identity columns, it is easy for things to get messed up if some people insert data in tables without using identity values. This is a small utility that resets identity columns to their proper values without needing DBA privilege.
db2ingres	Million Dollar Challenge Ingres (tools to convert non Ingres DBs to Ingres).  Qualifying solutions will be eligible for cash awards of up to $400,000, with a total purse of $1 million (see CA web site) What you have to offer? Tell Me! See LATEST NEWS
db2jspgen	MySQL2JSP is an easy to use, quick &amp; template driven JSP code generator that creates a full set of JSPs /servlets as well as JavaBeans from MySQL database using JDBC. Using the generated JSPs, developers can perform any operation on any database reco
db2latex	XSL Transformation stylesheets. These stylesheets output LaTeX code from a DocBook (c) XML document. A recent version of LaTeX2e is required.
db2mon	DB2 UDB Monitoring agent and server for performance snapshot analyses.
db2tcl	tk/tcl language interface for access to IBM DB2
db2unit	Unit testing framework for IBM DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows (perhaps also DB2 for z/OS).    Will cover testing of DB2 application objects such as Stored Procedures and User Defined Functions initially
db2viewer	DB2 viewer is a DB2 database front-end. It&#039;s an Eclipse RCP project.
db2webforms	Code generator for a crud web application, using Spring 2.0, Hibernate 3, JPA, Struts or JSF
db2xml	db2xml is a java2-swing application that permit to import from any type of database (local and online) one or all tables contains, to XML data file in local (1 XML file per tables). All you need, is a native driver (ODBC driver already included in JRE)
db3	DB3 is a new generation Database for Web Application and Mission-critical Application. OOP and relational DB combination. Strong stableness for the Mission-Critical application. Outstanding Cluster Support.
db3003c	Parallel Processing facilities in Oracle
db4o	db4o is the world&#039;s leading open source object database for Java and .NET. Features include fast native object persistence, ACID transactions, query-by-example, S.O.D.A object query API, automatic class schema recognition, small footprint. See home 
db4oboobrowser	db4oboobrowser is a simple boo based object browser for db4o (http://www.db4o.com/) database files that allows you to view and manipulate your live objects either through a GUI or scripts written in the boo programming language (http://boo.codehaus.org/)
db4obrowser	Browse through and edit your db4o OO database with an Webbrowser. 100% applet free.
db4oif	This is a library which goal is to let you integrate db4o easily to your projects by covering some functionality that db4o is lacking now. So far we have a client/server connection framework for web environments and pooling handling functionality.
db4omembership	db4oMembership Provider is a provider for db4o (http://www.db4o.com) open source object database that implements the new class security, login and access rules for framework .Net 2.0, inheriting MembershipProvider class
db4oxtea	XTEA (eXtended Tiny Encryption Algorithm) support for db4o open source object database. XTEA is a block cipher that operates on a 64-bit block size with a 128-bit key. An extremely tiny but very fast encryption algorithm (with cycles less than 32 rounds)
db6x6	A game of Dots and Boxes, written in C++.  The game currently allows two human players to comete against each other, but will eventually allow one human player to compete against a computer player, who uses Alpha-beta pruning and other AI techniques
dba	C++ object oriented database interface for relational databases, CVS files and other storage formats
dbabstract	The DBAbstract Server is a middleware database server solution written entirely in Java. It provides connection to any type of database implementation through one JDBC partially complient driver, client-server encryption and connection pooling.
dbacl	dbacl is a general purpose digramic Bayesian text classifier. It can learn text documents you provide, and then compare new input with the learned categories. It can be used for spam filtering, or within your own shell scripts. Sometimes it plays chess.
dbadaniel	dmpextract is a tool to read the dump files oracle and extract the command ddl of the objects
dbadmin	DbAdmin provides a unified GUI for Database Management for all Databases. More than a Database administration tool, its an inter-database porter, multi-database administration console, written in c#
dbadministrator	DBAdministrator is a web based program designed to provide a graphical front end to database systems.
dbag	This tool creates a PHP class to interface to a given database table. The PHP class is a simple relational object mapper. It maps table columns to class attributes. It provides basic CRUD methods as well as utility methods such as CSV import and export.
dbagen	A C++ implementation of a hibernate type project, it takes an abstract relational data model and generates sql and C++ database abstraction classes so that relational data can be manipulated in object domain
dbajax	Some controls for ajax
dbamp	DO NOT DOWNLOAD DBAMP FROM HERE! The latest build of DBAmp is available for free at www.forceamp.com or by clicking the Home Page link above. The sourceForge version is at least 9 months old and contains several DATA CORRUPTION BUGS! Use at your own risk
dban	Darik&#039;s Boot and Nuke (&quot;DBAN&quot;) is a self-contained boot floppy that securely wipes the hard disks of most computers. DBAN is appropriate for bulk or emergency data destruction.
dbanywhere	a high performance database tool
dbapi	Greendb is an embeded database with rows and columns. Instead of SQL it provides a simple and efficient API. It is written in C++ and built on top of Sleeeycat (berkeley) database. Interfaces currently exists for perl, python, and guile, using SWIG.
dbapipe	dbapipe will convert calendar entries between flat text files and datebook.dat or .dba files for Palm Desktop.
dbappbuilder	DBAppBuilder is a collection of projects dedicated to facilitating database application development.
dbappframe	DBAppFrame should provide an application framework supporting modules and database access through an multiple-database-interface. It should be implemented as a cross-plattform-framework at least on Linux and 32-Bit-Windows.
dbarchitect	Database Architect is a user-friendly Qt 3.1 application for managing database schemas.  You can create, delete, and modify database schemas as well as individual database tables.  It generates SQL and complete Qt classes for interacting with your data.
dbase	Access the simple dbf database format the easiest possible way. dbase is a dbf library, basically consisting of two files (dbf.h and dbf.c) C++ wrappers for MFC and wxWidgets are included. A simple wxWidgets frontend for testing purposes is included too.
dbase-adonet	A (currently read-only) ADO.NET Data Provider for dBASE (*.dbf) databases.\nCurrently only supports very simple SELECT statements (with ORDER BY and LIMIT) and is not tested very well. (In need of sample databases!)
dbaseconverter	Database converter which converts legacy database from DBF (DBASE IV) to MS SQL SERVER database.
dbasedriver	An xBase (dBase) driver for windows .NET 2.0. Currently allows reading and writing to dBase tables and dBase V dbv memo files. Uses an internal indexing system. No COMIX support. If you do download, please leave comments.
dbasenetdatprov	Microsoft ADO.Net 2.0 Data Provider for dBase IV files.  Current State is read-only.  Primary intent was to provide a Data Reader for MSSQL 2005 SSIS on a 64-bit Windows 2003 Server.
dbashell	DBA Shell Functions and Scripts to make it easy for common Database command-line chores such as assigning Environment variables, running scripts into logs, provide stored passwords, error checking, checking for db status, database restarts, compile, etc.
dbauditor	Database library independent auditing tool.
dbbackup	Php Script will backup your local/remote MySql DB using mysqldump. Features : Backup rotation, bzip2/gzip compression, gpg encryption, FTP file sending, Email file sending, Email repporting, log... and a lot of options to configure it.
dbbalancer	Load balancing multithreaded PostgreSQL connection pool. Also has a replication mode to keep in sync the load balanced backend servers. Needs the ACE framework libraries.
dbbean	Lightweight Object to RMDB framework.  Provides a simple API for working with a DB through DBBean objects.
dbbiene	dbBiene is a GUI fronted generation tool - You have a DB, but you have to access it via SQL? - Use this tool and generate a GUI - CRUD pattern included
dbbl	The Digital Bodybuilding Log enables you to get the maximum out of your bodybuilding or fitness potential by providing an easy way to log everything related to nutrition and training aspects.
dbblast	Dbblast (Dust bunny blaster) is a utility that automatically removes dust spots or &quot;bunnies&quot; from .jpg images taken with digital SLR&#039;s. It can be run in batch mode from either a GUI or from the command line.
dbbots	A eggdrop script used for channel mantiance and operation. This script will interface with a web based control system to administer almost all the functions of the bot. We will use ideas from other scripts like Waller and combine them to one bot.
dbbrowser	DB_Browser was a CGI tool for developers working with a relational database. It easily facilitated searching, editing, and adding to tables within a database without having to develop customized software.
dbbsed	Python libraries and a wxPython GUI for importing and exporting user-created musical scores and game data from the Nintendo DS game Daigasso! Band Brothers.
dbc-utilities	The project will provide a very small set of utility classes usable for checking class invariants pre and postconditions
dbcache	DBCache is a tool/framework set that creates java classes from a Database schema, and allows you to start with the logic of your application. It uses a cache to reduce DB overload and facilitates DB access. It&#039;ll save you a lot of time.
dbcdom	XML library for DATABUS language. There are basic functions for export/import XML files. This package contains additional classes for LinkedLists, Stacks, Exceptions etc.
dbcg	Code Generation Tool for creating Database tables to .NET classes.
dbcgi	An easy to use, web-based perl script to provide GUI access to a MySQL database.  Permissions are handled by MySQL server.  Assumes preconfigured apache/mysql.  CGI script is independent of actual data - a simple config file is all that is necessary.
dbchecker	This program allow programmers, database designers or dbas to compare deeply two MS SQL Database structures and show differences. Future version will allow syncronization.
dbclass	DBClass is a php class that aims to seperate and simplify the interaction between the program logic and the database tables that the logic depends on. It incorporates a SQL Generator, Debugging Methods, Import Tools, and more.
dbclient	This is a database interaction utility that connects to pretty much any ODBC or JDBC data source.
dbclientxxx	DB client for mapping relation data to objects
dbclipse	Several plugins for eclipse to edit, view and manage databases
dbcmd	A DBF easy to use command line or batch tool for management of DBF and other related files.
dbcmp	Vergleich von Tabellenstrukturen und Tabelleninhalten von unterschiedlichen Datenbanksystemen
dbcoat	dbcoat is another database persistence solution. It&#039;s simple, easy to learn and use, comfortable. Supports connection pool, cache which supports range and conidtion. There is no transfer object and business object,no mapping. fast for huge data fetc
dbcodegen2	Unicon program to automatically partially generate code in unicon to access relational databases in a correct way (when properly normalized).  Eventually the graphical user interface may also be partially automatically generated.
dbcommon	This project is a collection of db access and db operate for java developer
dbcompanion	A companion program to Pimlico Software&#039;s excellent DateBk for handling all things in paper calendars that you miss in electronic calendars.
dbconn	dbconn - Java based connection and prepared statement pooling with transaction support.
dbconnection	Welcome to the first opensource release of DBConnection, com.webprofusion.util.db.DBConnection is a simple wrapper object for JDBC database connections and currently supports MySQL &amp; MS SQL Server. Other useful packages are also included.
dbconnections	Database connections (MySQL, Postgresql, SQLITE)
dbconpool	This is a project for database connections pool,which include every a few situations on get connections to database for java programs.
dbconsole	DbConsole is a command-line/console/terminal application for SQL, ie, there is no GUI. DbConsole uses the portability of Java and ubiquity of JDBC drivers to run a single SQL interface to relational databases regardless of the OS or database server.
dbconverter	DB Converter is a windows based application that converts (at the moment) database structure from MS Access to Oracle and PostgreSQL compatible SQL. It will also convert to MySQL compatible SQL with the added options of converting to a PHP script.
dbcopy	Migrate data from any database to another with just selecting visually the desired tables in the source database (any database type supported by JDBC) and hit one button to complete it. New tables will be automatically created in the target database.
dbcopyplugin	DB Copy Plugin is a plugin for the SQuirreL SQL Client (1.2beta6 and 2.0 RC1+) that allows copying database objects (schema def and data) from one session window to another. The sessions can be disparate database vendors (Oracle -&gt; MySQL, for instance
dbcp	DataBase Copy for Synchronization
dbcri	This is a web interface for the management of a database of the volunteers of the aid of the Red Cross and the public attendances
dbculture	DBCulture Project aims at creating a framework for internationalizing MS SQL 2000 Server databases.
dbcxx	The Design By Contract framework for C++ allows developers to design software that accomplish the specification requirements. Obscure bugs in software are shown quickly due to its precond, postcond, class/loop invariants and new/delete runtime analysis.
dbd-pgpp	DBD::PgPP is a Pure Perl client interface for the PostgreSQL database. This module implements network protocol between server and client of PostgreSQL, thus you don&#039;t need external PostgreSQL client library like &quot;libpq&quot; for this module to 
dbdb	A powerful network-aware, multi-user scheduling and timing aid, written in C.
dbdconnect	A collection of perl modules designed to allow for easier creation of perl scripts which access MySQL databases.
dbdependency	Java application that shows dependencies between database objects.
dbdeploy	Manages the deployment of numbered change scripts to an oracle database, using a simple table in the database to track the current schema version.
dbdeployframewk	DB Deployment Framework based on ant.  Will be used to deploy database source code. Will support all versions of databases supported by JDBC.  Will also allow for patching, reporting and testing of databases.
dbdesign	Database Schema Designer creates/maintains schemas for databases stored in SQL servers. The schemas are stored in XML format. It supports the following database objects: entities (tables), relations, domains, views, indexes, triggers and procedures.
dbdesigner	DbDesigner is a visual database designer running on Linux/KDE2. It allows you to build complex relations between the elements of a database in an intuitive and easy-to-use environment.
dbdesigner-fork	DB Designer Fork is a fork of the fabFORCE DBDesigner 4. DBDesigner is a visual database design system that integrates entity relationship design and database creation. DB Designer Fork generates SQL scripts for Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL and FireBird.
dbdesigner4	DBDesigner is an open source visual database design system that integrates database design, modeling, creation and maintenance into a single, seamless environment. Developed and optimized for MySQL. You get more infos for the former version @fabforce.net
dbdesigntest	The Database Design Experiment is an attempt to visualize databases that follow a simple naming convention. It requires MySQL, PHP and Flashplayer 7.
dbdesigntools	Library and application that implements some algorithms relative to database theory: closure of attributes, primary keys calculation, minimal dependencies set, normalization, etc.
dbdev	3D FX Function library is a set of functions that will make your programming life much easier. Already featuring lensflares, particle systems, explosions, etc, we hope to port to as many languages as possible. We are releasing it public domain, so feel f
dbdiff	DBDiff is a small utility designed to help data entry cleck to verify their data entry using a double entry as in pharmaceutical industry. DBDiff will compare any 2 MS ACCESS databases and log transcription errors. The result is a 3th DB with corrected d
dbdisk	&quot;dbdisk&quot; is a client/server application for document management based on RDBMS PostgreSQL (but portable to any other database server) with a front-end written in PHP and Javascript to manage documents through a web browser.
dbdoc	The project provides utilities that generate javadoc-style HTML documentation from a database schema plus optional metadata containing textual descriptions of schema elements. Initial support for Oracle and Postgres is provided. Other DBs will follow.
dbduplicate	DB Duplicate 1.0 is an easy to use tool to duplicate a SQL Server 2000 database and is provided as VB.NET project (Framework 1.0) in original Source Code. There&#039;s a Setup Program for the tool ... for the ones that can not compile the Source Code!
dbeasy	Access-like webdatabasemanagement with support of forms, assistents, support of different databases, publishing of forms. It should allow users simple and understandable utilities to create forms without even knowing which database works in the backgroun
dbedit	DBEdit is a plugin for the Eclipse Workbench. It can be used to explore databases, edit tables directly with a spreadsheet like editor, edit SQL und more.
dbedit2	DBEdit is a database editing tool, written in Java, which is suitable as a front-end GUI for your Oracle, DB2 or MySQL database. DBEdit&#039;s core functionalities provide aid to common data editing tasks and reporting, as well as database synchronizatio
dbeditor	This project wlll allow any developer to easily add/edit/delete records from any database.  Also, Database control will allow any user to easily add Database Aware controls to any JSP or Servlet page.  See Home Page Link for more info.
dbeginnings	Dark Beginnings is MUD server originating from the RoT codebase. It is being modified to fit the likes of the Average Joe Gamer in the hopes of attracting new Mudders into the community.The game at the moment it has added class and areas, and more to com
dbengine	dbengine is an interface between the WWW and databases like PostgresSQL or Oracle which provides simple access to any existing database within just a few minutes while you don&#039;t have to learn any special programming or scripting language to get star
dbentity	DBentity is a framework for accelerating database development in PHP.  There is a lot of programming that manages database entities, and we try to make most of that go away while preserving the flexibility to hook into any of that.
dbentry	DbEntry.Net is an Object Relational Mapping (ORM) database access compnent for .Net. It supoort C# and Visual Basic, Access, Sql Server, MySql and SQLite. It also has safe and friendly mothod to invoke sql or stored procedure directly.
dbescribe	DBescribe is a database9s0 documentation toolset, it captures the structure into multiple formats for browsing and or printing.
dbestudio	The DBE Studio is an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for the Digital Business Ecosystem (DBE). It includes eclipse plugins that allow business services to be analysed, and corresponding software services to be defined, developed and deployed.
dbexplorer	GTK-DBExplorer is a PHP-GTK multi database administration tool. It supports many DBMS&#039;s through adoDB Abstraction layer. It will have a SQLEditor with autocomplete, table editor for any DBMS and data explorer.
dbexpressplus	dbExpress Plus is an extension of the dbExpress component suite shipped with Borland products (Delphi, Kylix, and C++ Builder).  The &quot;Plus&quot; suite includes:  TSQLConnectionPlus, TSQLScript, TSQLMetaData, TSQLDataPump, TSQLMultiDbQuery, and other
dbeye	DbEye is a simple gui frontend for administration and manipulation of SQL databases. It is written in python and utilizes the wxWidgets toolkit and python DB-API 2.0 for cross-platform, multi-database functionality.
dbf2ora	Fast loading list of DBF files ( dbf , xBASE , FoxBase , Clipper )of arbitrary structures into RBDMS Oracle. Excellent for mass files loading. May be the fastest tool possible. Automatic tables creation from dbf files. No problems with reserved words.
dbf2sql	This project is an win32 converter from DBF to SQL. It generates a sql script file, and have options to create/drop the table, supress deleted fields, include the data, use transactios...
dbfarmer	A database development and management tool for developers and admins.DB farmer allows you to explore and manage database objects as well as execute queries.
dbfdesktop	DBF Database Desktop is a front-end application to be used with the TDBF Component (by Micha Nelissen). It allows you to create, restructure and manage your tables by using a simple graphic interface.
dbfdump	Dumps/updates xBase files in human-readable, NoSQL, or PostgreSQL script forms.
dbfeeder	With DBFeeder you can generate testdata for Oracle Databases which fits primary and foreign keys of tables. A file-based configuration systems allows in-depth customization of the type of data which is generated.
dbfexporter	DbfExporter is a small library written entirely in C# 2.0.  It creates DBase III (Or FoxPro 2.6) files by directly writing with System.Io streams. No ODBC drivers or 3rd party component required. Total control on the dbf structure.
dbfill	When evaluating different database designs, it is often necessary to generate several databases and evaluate each design. DBFill is an database utility tool to help users fill tables in a database
dbfinance	A personal finance program written in Java using Swing.
dbfind	The Database Finder is a PHP/MySQL system for providing access to subscription databases used in academic and public libraries. This program will list the available databases by title and subject, with  links for onsite and offsite connections.
dbfit	DbFit is a set of generic FIT/FitNesse fixtures which enables tests to execute directly against a database. DbFit supports testing stored procedures and functions, executing queries and statements.
dbflay	db_flay generates a simple, productive web interface for Postgresql databases. The target user is a secretary. db_flay lets users view, edit, copy, and delete data in multiple databases. A Plone-integrated version, plonedbflay, is also available.
dbflow	DBFlow is a graphical program written in Delphi program for viewing references between tables, views, stored procedures and triggers in a database. The current implementation is for Microsoft SQL Server.
dbflowc	dbFlowc is a tool for gathering, storing and analyzing traffic accounting for CISCO routers with NetFlow enabled switching. This product includes software developed by the Uninet Ltd and Taras Shevchenko Kiev University. See: http://netacad.kiev.ua/flowc
dbfman	Is an DBF File Viewer, that leaves to the user the power of modification of these DBF Files.
dbfoil	Generates Java Classes, .NET Classes or XML from SQL Statements contained within an XML configuration file. DbFoil also supports connection pooling and database transactions.
dbform	PHP class that creates a Web Form for a database table and handles all processing of the form including validation of data, inserts, updates and deletes. Very customisable and flexible. Uses ADODB to connect to databases and simple Templates.
dbform-php	DBForm.PHP can be used by itself or as a plugin for Portal.PHP. Database independency based on ADODB. Internationalization. Smarty themes provided by Themes.PHP project.
dbformcreator	Creates add, update, delete and search forms from a database so no self-coding is required. (usefull as a quick start in PHP application programming)
dbforms	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
dbfpy	Python module for reading and writing DBF files. Originally it was created by Jeff Kunce and later maintained by Hans Fiby.
dbfree	A 100% Java solution for manipulating any JDBC-compliant database. Submits SQL and displays results in a table, analyses DB structure and table content. Runs without configuration.
dbfrog	A web-based tool to administrate linux based gaming servers and quickly respond to customer service issues.
dbfs	Database File System; Actually do not think of it as a file system, instead think of it as a document system. And while being precise, it is not database system either, it is a faceted system, It helps to organizes your information nicely.
dbfsak	xBase (dBase, Clipper, FoxPro) Swiss Army Knife
dbfw4j	A framework to provide easy dataacces major designed to be used with jakarta struts, but it can be generally used.
dbfwriter	DBF writer library for java. May be it will progress to full jdbc driver in future.
dbg2	DBG is a full-featured PHP Debugger and Profiler. Makes it easier to find problems or bugs in PHP scripts. DBG supports back-tracking, watching variables, viewing arguments passed to all nested function calls at any point of execution. Opensource.
dbgem	GEM is designed to help admins proactively manage enterprise databases and the systems they run on. Functionality includes monitoring &amp; alarming, configuration auditing, backup management, and many new system stored procs and command line utilities
dbgen-net	DBGen is a generic batching tool to generate Databases from many database design environments (XSDs in VS2005). Users can add custom sources and targets, and add their own batch-tasks that can be used to work on the specified source and targets.
dbgenerator	A db_update.php generator for SQL alterations for phpBB Hacks, takes a string of SQL and makes a exectuable file to make the afore mention alterations.
dbgl	DOSBox Game Launcher is a Java front-end for DOSBox. It is based largely upon the proven interface of D-Fend.
dbgprofiler	DbgProfiler provides an easy mechanism for profiling certain hotspots of an application by just adding a few macros to the C++ source code. A hierarchy of the callers and callees is generated automatically and allows a detailed analysis of the results.
dbgrep	dbgrep use two-trie structure dict to search in a large set of text
dbgt-ri	English: Game of DBAF made in the RPG Maker 2003.\nPortuguese: Jogo de DBAF feito no RPG Maker 2003.
dbgt-ri2	Game made in Role play Gaming 2003. DBGT O Retorno do Inferno 2.1
dbguardian	DB Guardian is a Java-based database diagnostic performance tool for Oracle 10g. This tool helps the database administrator (DBA) to monitor and detect problems related to performance in your environments.
dbgustav	Perl/TK interface for storing remote backups localy of MySQL databases on different hosts.
dbhcms	The DBHcms is a free search engine optimized open source content management system for personal and small business websites. DBHcms is completely flexible but also easy to use thanks to a WYSIWYG editor, multiple language support and layout templates.
dbhcombo	A Delphi Database Lookup ComboBox which keep history of selected/typed values. History is saved in any descendant of TDataSet - so it can be stored in any Database type (or custom file via custom TDataSet classes).
dbhelper	DatabaseHelper is java library deigned to help java developers to create applications that use JDBC API directly. This library also enables developers to use straight database connection when running local unit tests and datasource in J2EE container.
dbhistoric	A MySQL status/monitoring tool that records historical information about the system health, whereby you would be able to see what the system load was last year on a certain day, or what the volume sizes was on a certain date.
dbhook	DBHOOK provides a web interface to database administration tasks as well as development sql interface. Initially DBHOOK will provide support for oracle.
dbhub	DB Hub is a Linux/Unix software designed to be a Direct Connect hub. It&#039;s based on Open DC Hub code but has many more enhancements. Read http://dcpp.net/wiki/index.php/DB_Hub to learn some of them until I complete the documentation.
dbhydro	A 2D Eulerian hydro code using Godunov method.  Author Ed Dendy.
dbi-interbase	DBD::InterBase is a Perl DBI driver for Firebird and InterBase?
dbi-python	An interface written in Python that allows submitting jobs to several cluster managing systems
dbi4php	php4dbi is a database abstraction layer for PHP.  It is simple to use (a single file with a simple API) and lean enought to not bloat your PHP application. Supports: MySQL, SQL Server, PosgreSQL, Oracle, ODBC, SQLite, DB2, Interbase
dbide	This is a RAD tool for creating database driven applications for both Win32 and Linux like systems. It should include an IDE featuring a code and a database editor.
dbin	DBin brings the Semantic Web to the end users. By joining P2P groups and communities, users can annotate any topic or subject of interest and enjoy browsing and editing in a semantically rich environment.
dbind	dbind creates and updates automatically DNS tables. It has been designed to manage DNS for large IPv4 and IPv6 networks. It can be also used as a dynamic DNS extension for bind. dbind uses ssh for authentication and data-exchange.
dbinitiator	DB Initiator is a tool to quickly populate a database with nonsense data quickly and easily. This can aid in testing the scalability of your database driven website, or easily design the UI with plenty of data loaded.
dbinspector	DBInspector is a swiss army knife for database developers.  DBInspector supports two major templating engines, NVelocity and TaHoGen (Codesmith style templates).
dbinterface	DBinterface is a set of PHP scripts that generates php code to map all tables from a Mysql database that alows access to the table regists.
dbintrospector	DBIntrospector is a collection of Perl modules, extensions, and applications that generalize db metadata. These contain graph traversal algorithms and rendering visitors that can be applied to any database for which there exists a DB::Introspector driver
dbiq	dbIQ is a Generic Natural Language Query System which translates english queries to standard SQL statements so that they can be executed with database engine independence.
dbisolde	Isolde is a Web based PostgreSQL frond-end written by PHP. Administrator prepares queries, users select and execute queries. Administrator and users see same pages and interface. Isolde keeps itself simple at sacrifice of GUI like phpPgAdmin.
dbiweb	Designed to facilitate quick and easy access to a database. It provides flexible access by enabling the user to point and click and/or enter SQL code. Other goals include information access from anywhere, database independence, and simple installation.
dbiwrapper	The DBIWrapper is a Perl Module that provides for easier access to databases using DBI.  It supports MySQL, PostgreSQL and ODBC DBD modules.  High level methods for reading and writing to the database are provided. DBI data structures or XML are returned
dbix-browse	DBIx::Browse is a module to facilitate the Web browsing (INSERT, UPDATE and DELETE) of related database tables using DBI and CGI Perl modules.
dbix-dbh	DBIx::DBH is designed to facilitate and validate the process of creating DBI database connections. It&#039;s chief and unique contribution to this set of modules on CPAN is that it forms the DSN string for you.
dbix-graph	Build Graph::(Un)Directed graph objects from data in a relational database via DBI.
dbix-schema	This Perl module works with DBI to helps simplify the process of working with complex schemas of relational SQL database tables, letting you fetch data from several tables at once without building JOIN statements yourself.
dbix-tree	DBIx::Tree is a Perl 5 module that provides methods on trees from self-referential database tables.  Two underlying tree representation models will be supported: adjacency lists and nested sets.
dbix-xmlserver	Perl module providing access to a DBI database through HTTP request and XML output
dbixx	This library presents an abstraction layer on top of a database. It lets a project have persistent classes with a moderate amount of overhead.
dbjam	DB.Jam is an innovative tool to browse, edit and maintain data in any MySQL database. Unlike other tools (eg. phpMyAdmin) DB.Jam can be configured to act as an *easy* end-user DB application with different user profiles and visibility options.
dbjforum	dbj forum  is an lite web based php bbs system written in php with mysql.
dbkeditor	Docbook editor and HTML transformer
dbkit	DbKit is an extensible C++ class library based on GoF design patterns.  It is intended to ease the pain of portable database development.  Current support includes ODBC and OCCI (Oracle C++ Call Interface).
dbknitofrontend	dbfrontend is a windows tool to make the approach to the excellent DOSBox project at dosbox.sourceforge.net more comfortable and to manage DOSBox projects. (ie play the old DOS games)
dbl-browser	The DBL-Browser (Digital Bibliographic Library Browser) offers the user the ability to browse a digital library, like DBLP (http://dblp.uni-trier.de), while offline. It has a user-friendly GUI, a smart search, and textual and graphical visualizations.
dblatex	DocBook to LaTeX Publishing transforms your SGML/XML DocBook documents to DVI, PostScript or PDF by translating them in pure LaTeX as a first process. MathML 2.0 markups are supported too. It started as a clone of DB2LaTeX.
dblatexreport	This tool enables you to produce a LaTeX (standard, no extension required) report for database objects (tables, views, indexes, functions, primary/foreign keys, columns, types, keywords, system functions) thanks to the JDBC Api.
dbldr	The bootloader and Linux/WinCE for HENGFENGRUIKE (ARM S3C2410) dev board.
dblectric	DBlectric utilizes AJAX to create a web based, cross platform database tool for developers and DBA&#039;s providing a simple asyncronous interface for a any JDBC complient database.  provides a tree view navagiation of database tables with edit capabilit
dblib	Database and form library in PHP. It is destined to simply and quickly create administrative interface to a database (e.g., an admin system for your internet shop). Yet, its object model is very flexible.
dblink-odbc	DBLink-ODBC for PostgreSQL: Cross-database access through ODBC
dblinkex	Delphi DBLink Components
dblms	Dream Box LMS is a light weight learning management system focused toward training departments of small to mid-size corporations. DBLMS  is developed using the Java programming language and adheres to MVC style of programming.
dbload	dbload is an ETL engine that will permit esier data loading in a selected target database. Summary of features available are: load and dump of data in XML, text or binary format, real time data transfer and manipulation, dynamic data transformation rules
dbloader	dbLoader is a PHP application used to generate dummy data for inserting into SQL databases (mySQL, Postgres, Oracle) for the purposes of load testing and performance measuring.
dblog	Weblog, photoblog and CMS platform (no technical skill): fast setup, WYSIWYG editor, comments, notification, tracking, calendar, charts, polls, template editing, podcast, upload manager, auto-resize thumbs, fully localizable. Over 15.000 download!
dblogger	dblogger is a standalone application to expand the regular expression functionality of syslog-ng to include pcre matches and forward the results to a mysql database in realtime.
dblucene	DBLucene is a software package that adds the full-text search capabilities to your JDBC compatible database. By configuring a simple XML file, DBLucene is able to grab data from the database automatically and generate the corresponding full-text indexes.
dblue	DBlue is a J2ME API library and desktop server daemon allowing development of mobile applications driven by legacy databases over Bluetooth.
dblup	&lt;i&gt;dblup&lt;/i&gt; is a tool to output LaTeX from DocBook using Perl.
dbm	A PHP and MySQL based band managment system and CMS to assist bands in organising gigs, releasing albums, and producing websites with current news and forums. Go to www.filibusta.net to see capabilities.
dbmagic	DBMagic aims to be full suite of tools for abstracting software from business logic and database code.   Projects written using DBMagic will be developed quickly, and easily moved from different kinds of databases.
dbmail	DBMail provides a database-backend mail store using PostgreSQL or MySQL. It includes POP3 and IMAP servers to access the mail store, pipe and LMTP for message delivery, and a suite of command line utilities. Please click our Home Page link for more info.
dbmail-plus	Dbmail is the name of a group of programs that enable the possibility of storing and retrieving mail messages from a database.
dbmail-sf	A mail system currently consisting of MDA, POP3, and IMAP servers that uses a SQL database for the mail store.  This adds performance improvement as well as scalability and flexibility.
dbmail-webmail	DBmail-webmail is a PHP webmail application that uses PHP&#039;s mysql functions for access to the DBmail database, no IMAP or POP is used.
dbmailadmin	A PHP Administration interface for the DBMail MTA.
dbmam	DBMAM a compiler for an unique language. Strictly for compiling code for Gemini Machines. These are virtual machines that use a virtual chip. This is mainly to be used for those or to learn from.
dbman	Un programma creato per gestire gli episodi id dragonball in formato realmedia su un dispositivo di memoria qualsiasi (dvd,cd,hdd,usb-hdd,memory-card...)
dbmanager	DBManager aims to be an Abstraction Layer for JDBC Databases. It hides all Database interaction in the Superclass (DBManager) the Superclass useses the Java reflection framework to gather Informations of Tables and Columns.
dbmap	The dbmap class allows the developer to Read, Browse, Insert, Update or Delete table entries on a MySQL Database with a few lines of code. Written in PHP.
dbmarc	dbmarc is an online mail archive with a database backend, written in perl. Inspired by MHonArc and marc.10east.com. It features displaying of text/html and text/enriched messages. Also mails from the database can be forwarded as attachment.
dbmask	Another backend all-databases manager, yet!This will enable you to manage all kind of webpliance. Backend per amministrare database, ti permette di amministrare qualsiasi tipo di front-end sviluppato con estrazione di dati da DB
dbmdeep	A unique flat-file database module, written in pure perl. True multi-level hash/array support, hybrid OO / tie() interface, cross-platform FTPable files, and quite fast.  Can handle millions of keys/elements without significant slowdown.
dbmetadatadoc	Given a script metadata file, this command line program generates GIF and PS diagrams of tables and procedures, with its relationships and dependencies. It will generate an HTML document page. In its first stage it will use Interbase generated SQL script
dbmigrator	DBMigrator is a GUI tool that enables you to migrate structures, data and procedures between several databases with JDBC support.It provides a simple and intuitive interface for Database migration, mapping between different datatypes including LOBs types
dbmix	DBMix is a DJ mixer for digital audio. Current features: combines multiple streams into one output stream, pitch control, cueing, audio format conversion. DJ Mixer style gui (crossfader), xmms output plugin, command line client.
dbmodule	Multiple database access module
dbmon	Tools for monitoring the cpu and memory usage.
dbmonio	DBmonio is a unix daemon prepared to monitor up to 10 Oracle health variables and infinite user created ones. Very simple configuration file. Use it to monitor all your Oracle databases instead of using the expensive Patrol, OpenView or other agents.
dbmonster	DBMonster is a tool which generates random test data and puts it into SQL database.  It helps to test how an application can deal with large database.
dbms2sde	Spatially enables a business table in an RDBMS for use with the Spatial Database Engine (ArcSDE 8.1) developed at ESRI.
dbmshids	This project develops a DBMS Host Intrusion Detection System that collects and stores a digital database fingerprint on physically isolated media.
dbmstools	A set of tools for generating and maintaining database schemas and data. Generates create, drop and upgrade scripts, as well as importing and exporting data. Especially useful for developers of applications with databases.
dbmt	DabaBase Migration Tool (dbmt) is a tool and Java API to migrate data from different sources (XML,DBF,CSV,JDBC) to another (DBF,CSV,JDBC,TXT). Configured by an XML file defining source, target and schemas + transformations of the data.
dbmv2	A blog-management system, written in PHP. Goals are to be simple and featureful, but not overly featurebloated (ala TikiWiki). Although it is used in at least 1 production environment (the author&#039;s), it may have some bugs.
dbn-d	Distributed Dynamic Bayesian Networks
dbnavigator	Database Navigator is a web-based database tool to allow the users to navigate through the database from a record in one table to another record in a different table based on the existing database constraints.
dbnetwork	The Dist0rtedBox Network (DBN) is a web site that is geared toward providing programmers with documentation, tools, software, etc. for Windows, Linux, GameBoy Advance, and Playstation 2 development platforms.
dbnews	dbNews is a database-based news reader consisting of several perl programs and object-oriented class modules, to create the database tables, read the news feed, process multipart and encoded binaries, and manage and view articles and binary articles in a
dbnm	DBNM is a highly modular and extensible framework for collecting and tracking vital networking information.  It provides the ability to match a MAC address to an IP address to a port on a switch throughout the entire network.
dbnotifier	Database Schema Change Notifier is a J2EE application that report the changes (including tables, columns, users, index, etc.) of any kind of RDBMS. It is implemented using publish/subscribe mechanism
dbo	The Database Object Store will store java object into DBMS via JDBC Driver.
dbobj	dbobj is a relational object persistence layer for PHP\n(it is also called an object-relational mapping layer)
dbobject	Object-Oriented engine for PHP and MySQL, allows easy to add/delete/update/find records, create views and add triggers for each operation.
dbobjecter	Db Object-er is a code generation program.  It generates code for an application based on database contents.  It also includes basic sample templates for generating each tier of an application.
dbobjects	This package provides a lightweight and flexible solution for storing and retrieving java objects in and from relational databases. It is intended for developers who don&#039;t want to cope with SQL statements in their code.
dbol	DBOL is a system for generating a Java object hierarchy from a database specification. That is, it takes as input a specification for your database (in XML) and produces a set of Java classes that you can use to interact with the database.
dbom	DBOM is a .Net class library that provides a database object model API and a set of interfaces representing DML statements. The class library supports standard SQL-92 syntax and includes implementations that provide access to Oracle and MS-SQL via ODBC.
dboost	DBoost is a download manager/accelerator for KDE similar to GetRight or GoZilla. It keeps all your downloads in one dialog and you will beable to add and remove transfers. Transfers can be paused, resumed, queued or scheduled.
dbow	DBOW is a database compiler-compiler or front-end. It takes table definitions in a relatively high-level language and prepares C, C++, PHP, Perl (etc) functions for manipulating the database.  It will also produce SQL table data for MySQL.
dboxjffs2	Yadi versucht den Prozess der Imageerstellung basierend auf dem GNU DBox2 Software Projekt, durch diverse Scripte und Patche zu vereinfachen bzw. zu automatisieren. Zusätzlich gibt es hier fertige Images und Plugins zum herunterladen :-)
dboxrecplugin	The DBoxRecordPlugin is a plugin for the free digital tv guide TV-Browser. It extends the TV-Browser so that a D-Box II, with Neutrino OS running, can be programmed for record. There are some recording tools for the D-Box, which can be programmed as well
dboxxer	A Java Class to access a dbox2 and has all the Functions from the dbox2 API. The Accessibility of the different Informations (such as channel, bouquet, EPG-Information) should be very fast.
dbp	Punto de ventas Win32 y Web Based para la venta de boletas en los parques de baseball nacionales (Rep. Dom.), asi como un control de estadísticas para los jugadores de la liga profesional de baseball dominicana.
dbpad	DBPad is a GUI-based SQL client for relational databases. As long as you have a JDBC driver for your DB, you can use DBPad to view or manipulate your data and metadata of your tables.
dbpaq	DBPAQ is a SQL database engine for large-scale applications with 2 sql modes : Internal(sapdb/adabas) and Oracle(oracle7). DBPAQ was forked from LGPL&#039;ed SAPDB 7.3 which was forked from ADABAS-D.
dbparser	This app. can be used to parse and search through a database of bestselling books, or easily modified to parse other databases if they adhere to a specific format. If such a format is inappropriate, the program can be easily modified upon request.
dbpedia	dbpedia is a community effort to extract structured information from Wikipedia and to make this information available on the Web. dbpedia allows you to ask sophisticated queries against Wikipedia and to link other datasets on the Web to Wikipedia data.
dbperceptor	dbPerceptor generates html forms for editing MySQL databases. Based on configuration files you define, it automates the process of creating list, add, edit, and delete interfaces. Over 25 configuration options are available.
dbphpcms	DocBook, CVS based CMS written on PHP with plugins support
dbphpmysql	This is a single file form processing PHP script.  It interacts with your mySql database.  Feel free to use/modify/share.  -jef
dbpics	DbPics is a php set of files which provides a complete photo album without any DBMS. It manage thumbs, comments, diaporama, protected dirs, upload via web browser and also provides full admin functions. A cache system makes it very fast.
dbpl	This is an implementation of a robust persistence layer written in PHP.  The intention of this framework is to separate the database layer from the business layer.  Thus, business objects can be saved in a DB without any SQL making the application easier
dbpm	PERL-Module to make use of the HTTP-banking-Interface of the german bank &quot;DiBa&quot;. Simple base for Homebanking, Webbanking, Onlinebanking, Internetbanking. Write your own GNU-Cash-Import-Module with it, or check your balance daily with a cron-scr
dbpopulator	For the testing of any application it need to populate the sample data into the tables used by the application. I have started this project to catter the basic need of populating test data. This utility examin the table and insert the data according to t
dbpowder	DBPowder is an O/R mapping tool. DBPowder creates several types of source codes: DB accessors of Java code, web applications, ...
dbpp	C++ library for acces DataBases
dbpr	Dbpr can be used to easily retrieve an enigma parental lock pin (mostly Dreambox) via ftp.
dbprim	A library providing basic building blocks for creating in-memory databases of important data.  Existing components are: Linked lists; Hash tables with optional auto-resize; Memory-efficient sparse matrices built on hash tables; Red-black trees.
dbprism	DBPrism is a framework to generate dynamic XML from a database, it provides an high performance DBGenerator for Cocoon2 with functionality such as parallel content aggregation and ESI cache protocol. Also is a J2EE replacement for Oracle mod_plsql.
dbpro-openmmo	RPG toolkit, engine, and series of games using Dark Basic Professional and easily customized by altering scripts and parser files.
dbprofiler	A java based database profiling and benchmarking utility supporting multiple databases.
dbproj	The main aim of the project is to develop convinient office organizer tool
dbpublisher	Plugin for cruise control to persists the build results in a database.
dbquery	DBQuery is a java program witch can execute SQL request on a MySQL database.
dbquicklaunch	Allows you to quickly launch database utilities from the system-tray.
dbrb	The java.util.ResourceBundle and its subclasses are the cornerstone of string internationalization in Java. DbResourceBundle provides a way to store internationalized strings in a JDBC compliant database and retains a similar interface.
dbrcs	This is a database contained revision control system. Initial support will be for PL/SQL running in Oracle but in the future additional languages and databases may be supported. The intent is for development teams  to have all their code with revision hi
dbreconcile	Utilities to collect data from a JDBC- and SQL-compatible DB, and use it to replicate the DB structure in a different installation and some or all, of the data in it, (user-specifiable); either in a new from-scratch DB, or reconcile with an existing one.
dbrelationviewr	dbRelationViewer allows user to view data content of a parent table and any of its related child table(s).  Written in C# .NET 2.0.
dbrevision	DbRevision project aimed to help developers implement automatic upgrade database structure from one reversion to other. DB structure described in independent, XML-based format. All upgrade actions described in XML too.
dbrief	a Debian package information briefing tool
dbrig	DBRig provides simple XML driven Setup and Teardown of test data for automated tests for .Net developers. DBRig extends the NUnit testing framework.
dbroute	Pathfinding in relational databases
dbrowser	dBrowser is a PHP/MySQL/PostgreSQL framework/code generator aimed at web/database application developers.
dbrowserconnect	Direct Browser Contact is a javascript-php library that allows simple message exchange between browsers Each browser that wants to send and receive messages MUST registers itself to a server. All the other things are managed by the library.
dbrunner	The Classes are intended to encapsulate high performance, scalable best practices for common uses of .NET System.Data namespace. The classes allow to create an instance independent of the db engine.
dbs	This is a P2PBBS Programm using Peer-to-Peer based tech, and with WWW, Telnet, And Client services.\n????????????. ???Web?Telnet??Client???????
dbs-vassev	This is a Java project - Distributed Banking System (DBS) with three different implementations - RMI, CORBA and Web Services
dbs042-warenver	Warenverwaltung
dbsaga	This is the legendary DBSaga (DBS) MUD Codebase.
dbsblog	DBS is a very simple to use and light weight blogging system written in PHP5, with an SQLite backend. It includes basic features such as adding entries, categories and comments. Also it features add static pages, add links and much more.
dbschema	DBSchema is a Perl module group that allows you to model and export a database entity relationship from any supported RDBMS to any other supported RDBMS.
dbschemaviewer	DB Schema Viewer is an Eclipse plugin that builds a graphical view of an existing database. Reverse Engineering is performed through JDBC. The most popular databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL and Firebird) are currently supported. The UI is build around GEF.
dbschool	Web application that will allow to manage the activities of a school: Students, Professors, Subjets, Notes obtained by the students, Registry of the Subjets that each professor distributes and Subjets to which each student is enrolled.
dbschools	DBSchools is a suite of applications for educators and communities: an announcements and calendar facility, an online, multi-user quiz for classroom use, and a program to record and report test results for music educators.
dbscript	dbscript is a PHP 4/5 MVC framework with content-negotiation, a RESTful URI mapper with routes, http-style controllers, and object persistence by-reachability.
dbscriptor	DbScriptor is a program that helps programmers to create web-based applications. It can connect to databases and create PHP or Java (JSP) scripting codes to manipulate data in your database
dbse	This project is a database/php search facility.  Using MySQL as the database back-end and php to search it.  The engine will not show links unless they have been validated by an administrator.
dbsearcbugzilla	Lucene-based Full-Search on BugZilla databases, with Google-like interface, plus narrow-down feature, search management, scheduled indexing jobs, search results RSS feed.
dbsentinel	DBSentinel - Database event-driven notification system for arbitrary dabases and unix syslog entries.
dbsframework	DBS Framework base on (PHP, MySQL) help you build your website administration pages quickly, easy and confortable.You can use DBS Framework to develope admin system for managing content of a CMS or an eCommerce system. DBS is stand for Database Supporter
dbsgmltoolbox	DocbBook SGML Toolbox combines the source packages for DocBook SGML 3.1, 4.1, Jade, and other sgml/docbook utilities, and automatically compiles and installs the binary Slackware,RPM,or Debian packages. Install is EASY!
dbsitedll	DBSite: Written in Visual Basic this DLL helps solve issues for ASP web developers, e.g. handling uploads, safe parameter population for stored procedures (sql injection checks), SQL XML calls, file system browsing, etc.
dbsml	DBSML (DataBase Schema Markup Language) is an easy-to-use format for documenting databases, procedures, tables, and views.  This project develops code for reverse-engineering databases into DBSML and output to various target formats, including HTML.
dbsnc	This project tries to create and standard naming convention for tables, fields, indexes and other elements conforming a database helping Developers, Network Administrator and Final DDBB users in their daily jobs.
dbsoap	Bridge between Java OODBMS and SOAP implementation, which allows invoking remote methods of objects via SOAP.
dbsql2xml	&quot;dbsql2xml&quot; is Java tool (class) for transformation (export, convert) relational database into hierarchical XML. It requires JRE 5.0, JDBC and SQL DBMS. &quot;dbsql2xml&quot; uses XML document for mapping database tables and columns into elemen
dbsqlhelper	dbsqlhelper allows you do design a sql complient query or statement for one database (say sql server) and have it output a compatable statement for another such as Oracle, etc, converting aggregate functions and join syntax along the way...
dbstep	DBStep is C++ library for database abstraction and object/relational mapping. MySql, PostgreSQL, Sqlite, Firebird and ODBC backends are currently supported.
dbstudio	DBStudio is an application that provides query facilities for any relational database that has an OLE-DB driver.
dbtcp	dbtcp is a package of libraries which provides applications on Linux access to ODBC datasources on remote machines running Windows.
dbtdestroyer	dbtdestroyer (Table Destroyer) empties database (any odbc / aliased windows / linux) tables while leaving the table structure in-tact. The data is destroyed but the field names etc are kept.
dbtest	DBtest is a tool written in ASP intended to realize SQL and DDL statements over the Web, for any Database.
dbtestcase	Simple DataBase Testing Framework ( JAVA ). Provides basic constraint-assertion functionalities  ( assertPrimaryKey(), assertFK(), assertIndex() and so on). Courtesy of www.webshell.it
dbtestfoo	This is a test project, do not pay any attention to it.
dbtime	DBTime is a little application to generate rich time dimensions for datawarehouses and populate them with data in a easy way (wizzard assisted).
dbtoform	PHP based classes to build dynamic HTML forms from a database. The classes allow customization for database backend choice, visual HTML presentation, user input error checking, etc.
dbtomswiki	A wiki clone written in ASP.NET with VB.NET. The wiki is able to support multiple Domains, different databases, supports article ratings and comments and can be used as a stand alone installation or as a module for DotNetNuke.
dbtool	dbTool has been designed to provide a uniform interface over heterogeneous data sources to enable simple data manipulation. The motivation for the tool was to simplify ad-hoc data population and extraction operation in a software development context.
dbtransfertool	DBTransferTool provides for java users simple interface to transfer data from one database table to another. Using JDBC driver functionality.It could work with many databases - Oracle, MS SQL, PostgeSQL. The target database should have transactions.
dbtreetravclass	Delphi class for managing hierarchical data in a SQL-92 database and displaying it in TTreeView component. Includes methods: display tree, add node, remove node (with subnodes) and etc. Supports several trees in the same table.
dbtrucoscms	Lince CMS is an portal system designed for manage little/medium sites easy. Created using PHP and MySQL database.
dbtsai	The cross-platform program which could covert Big5-&gt;GB, or inverse. It&#039;s a lot like ConvertZ.
dbtutools	The DbtuTools project is a framework for working with the UNIX / Wintel versions of IBM&#039;s DB2 UDB database family.
dbuffer	dbuffer is a threaded program for on disk buffering of arbitrary data streams.
dbug	Excellent macro based library to see program flow, variables, timings, errors, warnings. &quot;Must have&quot; for C/C++ programmers.
dbuilder	DBuilder is an IDE for creating Win32 applications in D programming language.
dbunit-net	A Database Unit Testing framework for .NET. Places the database in a given state ready for unit testing of database access code.
dbupdatetracker	A library to apply and track database updates
dbuploader	DB-UPLoader is a tool to import data from csv or MS-Excel files into a database. You can distribute data across several tables, create relationships between imported data and integrate sub queries to reference existing data.
dbus-draw-board	Dbus Cairo Pango drawing board, is a Dbus server for drawing on a board using Cairo and Pango
dbus-erlang	Implementation of the D-Bus protocol in Erlang.
dbusnotifygnome	Customizable DBus-event notifier applet for Gnome desktop
dbutil	DBUtil is a lightweight, cross-platform database manager. It is a convenient tool to access database schema and data of different databases without installing the database vendor&#039;s managers.
dbutils	Dbutils is a small database toolset for (java) developers with utility methods to clean and empty a database and to manage constraints and triggers, for usage manually or in automated build environments.
dbvaluetypes	Provide nullable value types that can be used in an OLTP environment.
dbvermanager	A process and tools-suite for versionmanagement of databases. Features: Integration with Visual Studio .Net 2005 , commanline tool for integration into custom install packages and much more.
dbversion	This tool provides the following abilities: 1. Database structure version control 2. Centralized database change script storage 3. Automated script applying 4. Multiple applications database structure control 5. Multiple database servers configuration
dbvi	dbvi is a full screen interface to the gdb debugger, tightly integrating a vi session with the gdb command line. Designed to be used in restrictive single terminal environments, in a windowed environment it is a speedy alternative to graphical interfaces
dbviewasp	DBView allows you to view and edit SQL databases with reporting on tables, views and stored procedures.  It also supports automatic stored procedure creation.
dbvisualizer	This is a debugger visualizer add-on for Microsoft Visual Studio 2005. It gives you a quick way to run a SQL statement against a database connection and view the results in a grid while debugging your code.
dbvsdb	Ever wanted to compare your local (eg. developer) MySQL database to remote MySQL database? This handy PHP script will save you hours of work: just configure the access details in the script (multiple targets supported), and use the web-based interface!
dbwa	DB Web Admin Provides access to Databases through the Web. Shows some database specific information and allows users to execute SQL queries.  Supports Oracle(PL/SQL and JSP), MS SQLServer (ASP), and MySQL/ODBC (C#.NET) versions.
dbwalker	DBWalker provides a set of utility tasks for extracting the Meta Data from a Database. This is useful during software builds for DDL generation, data populatation scripts, and test data extraction.
dbweaver	dbweaver provides a set of tools to extract CREATE statements from a database server and dump them to a text file. These files can be used for editing, source revision control and database migration.
dbweb	This is an on-line editor bases on microsoft dhtml.ocx for creating dynamic content. The purpose of this project is tot edit and manage dynamic content
dbwebdev	DBWebDev is a database web application management system written in ADP (AOLServer Dynamic Pages - tcl embedded in html). It works only on AOLServer (web server) and PostgreSQL (database server.)
dbwebmail	A webmail system for a dbmail enabled mail-server.
dbwrap	dbwrap provides wrappers for php database calls.  The goal is to allow easy extension to db calls (like automatically checking for errors) and to provide an more independent interface for database calls.  Switching to dbwrap should be fairly painless.
dbwrapgen	Eclipse plugin that generates Java database wrapper classes from a SQL DDL script file.
dbwrapper	An ADO.NET Data Wrapper for the .NET Framework 1.1 Data Providers (SqlClient, Oledb, Odbc).
dbwtk	This project is a web interfaced system that allow developers to run and manage database queries and get some database details. The first database to be available is PostgreSQL, followed by mySQL and possibly others.
dbxcess	web based oracle administration tool using jsp/servlets
dbxdrvset	Open Source DxExpress drivers set
dbxml	Berkeley DB XML is an application-specific native XML data manager built on Berkeley DB. It provides fast, reliable, scalable and cost-effective storage and retrieval for native XML data and semi-structured data.
dbxml-core	dbXML is a Native XML Database (NXD). NXDs are databases that store XML using an internalized format for faster overall processing. dbXML was developed using the Java 2 Standard Edition version 1.4.
dbxml-gen	A template-based mapping tool that generates Java code to create XML documents from a JDBC relational database. Rough around the edges. Comes with a validator capable of checking the correctness of the mapping against a Relax-NG schema.
dbxoops	DB Modules for Xoops : DB Volley (volleyball championships) ...
dbxquery	Abacus Technologies Relational XQuery is an XQJ compatible XQuery processor that provides the ability to execute XQuery against both relational and XML data sources. Relational data can be transformed to any XML schema using XQuery&#039;s powerful featur
dbxwebapp	dbx:WebApp www.dbxWebApp.de PHP open-source Content-Management and Data-Management System with DHTML and WYSIWYG Editor &amp; IDE. Database-DataDictionary for every DB.\nNext-Generation-CMS&amp;DMS. &quot;Projekt bisher nur in Deutsch&quot;
dbzarena	Dragonball Z the Arena Project aims to be a massive multiplayer 3d figthing game.
dbzwinmud	A Windows port of ROM based on Chris&#039;s StarterMUD but reprogrammed to be more centered towards the Dragonball Z/GT universe.
dc-dreamos	Dreamos is an operating system developed on Sega Dreamcast to be ported to an array of embedded devices. The goal of the project is to be able to run non-ported Unix programs on the Sega Dreamcast and other embedded devices with ease and POSIX compliance
dc-gui	DCGUI-QT is a QT GUI Direct Connect filesharing client.
dc-qt	Dc-qt is a DirectConnect client based on DC++ for Linux and MacOS X, with a separate backend / gui architecture. It is written in C++ and comes with a Qt GUI. We are currently in an alpha stage so expect some bugs and missing features.
dc-sharp	DC# is an enhanced DirectConnect client written in C# for .NET platforms.  Planned features include improved interface and searching capabilities, idle-triggered upload bursts, multi-source downloads, and auto search for alternates.
dc-skripty	Alternativn? nekodovane skripty pro DreamCom SMS.
dc2	Collection of DC related things.
dc2-dev	Here is a lot of plugins and theme for dotclear 2. We made news theme weekly and new plugins on demand
dc4db	dc4db - dialog components for data bases. dcPublisher: Create web content in a shorthand syntax. dcScreener: Run relational database content in screens with standard (x)html in internet/intranet environments.
dca	Delphi Code Analyser calculates some metrics for Delphi source code and verifies the implementation against a logical architectural description of the project.
dcad	dCAD are a CAD program designed to combine mechanical, electrical, construction and visualization into one modular program. Because of the modular design, new modules will be easy to implement.
dcaml	AML for DC++ Operator Clients. Regex Detection for detection of cheating clients, netliming, fakers
dcamserver	DCAM WebCam Server w/ Personal Web Server (PWS) makes it easy to capture live streaming video and broadcast it on your web page. DCAM also has a built in HTTP personal web server (PWS) for those without a web host.
dcas	Custom algebra simplification and rearrangement. 2d, 3d Graphing, numeric evaluation, excact and approximate, exporting to text, HTML and latex-source. ANSI-C, stand-alone.
dcasnet	The aim of this project (dCAS) is to create a Contract Administration system for distributors. The system should allow for contracts and charging rules to be set up based on data from a production databse as well as analysis and projection for new client
dcast	DCast - Open Source, secure, webcasting software.  Using peer-to-peer and distributed caching, this system will allow webcasters an inexpensive, easy way to webcast mixed media.  Scrambling and control of webcasters, maintains webcast legalities.
dcat	Diskless Cluster Administration Tool is a complete administration tool for openMosix diskless clusters.
dcatalyst	Download Catalyst is a multi-platform download manager that accelerates and resumes downloads resursively using concurrent threads, with an extensible API &amp; multiple planned UIs (both console and GUI). Besides HTTP/FTP, it also supports proxy connect
dcbb	A client checking bot for DirectConnect networks. It logs in to a Hub as a normal client. It can download filelists, check for forbidden files, client functionality (eg: answering search requests), do dynIP-BAN and more... Uses MySQL backend.
dcbot	This is a open source Direct Connect bot. Written entirely in multi-threaded C#, it requires little resources, and can patrol a number of hubs at the same time.
dccassist	DccAssist is a clever plugin for the GNU/Linux X-Chat IRC client.  The main goal is to develop a simple and robust tool to find, organize, and control xdcc file transfers; an ability the current and otherwise superb X-Chat misses sorely.
dccf	DCCF stands for Delphi CVS Compile Farm. It allows you to manage very large Delphi projects with large team of developers. One cycle (which may by initiated by client) of this compile farm is: Backup, Checkout from CVS, Compile with Delphi, Create Report
dcchat	A java applet which will allow DC users to connect to a hub to chat ETC and allow operators to connect to a hub to Chat, Kick, and preform other Operator duties.
dcclients	Direct connect clients, ncurses based, GTK+PHP based, KDE based, and basic AI chat bots.
dccmanager	DCC Manager helps manage dcc downloads
dccnitghtmare	DccNiTghtmare is a project to make a 3d realtime RPG with batles in turns schema. The game will have a comic, sarcastic and critic story in a academic enviroment with a non-linear story/drama.
dccontrol	Administração de datacenters, inventário e controle de: sites, hosts, redes, softwares, sistemas e serviços.
dccsignaler	DCC-Signaler is a SRCP-compliant server for controlling digital equipped modell railroads.
dcdance	This is a DDR (Dance Dance Revolution) clone for the Sega Dreamcast. It features the ability to use custom simfiles. This game allows the user to play a DDR like game.
dcdelphi	Direct Connect (www.neo-modus.com) Client written in Delphi, maybe later portable to kylix/linux. Multi-threaded server connections and down-/uploads. Later on better compression for DcList\\&#039;s and advanced communication ways with Dc++ and opendcd (h
dcdesigner	DC Designer - offline unit designer for online game &quot;Divide&amp;Conquer&quot; (http://www.the-game.ru/)
dcdplayer	dcd is a simple, programmable, intelligent CD player for the Linux console.
dcemu	Dreamcast emulator coded in C and SDL.
dcengine	Deskcode Engine is a unique and powerful website engine written in PHP. It is designed around a modular core, with full skinning support and user custimization engines. This engine will be used on an uncoming programming community called Deskcode.
dcent	DC Ent is a development platform made for fast, easy ,clean  web development and maintenance written in PHP.All pages are generated from mysql database .You can include files,add php scripts,edit records in db and very easy manage page components .
dcevolution	DCEvolution provides images for games and applications for the Sega Dreamcast.
dcf	The Distributed Computation Framework is a Java based Server/Client program for the distribution of tasks over a network of coputers.
dcfirewall	A rule based packet filtering firewall. Nice interface, easy configuration and high efficiency with low resources consumption. Can be configured to deny or allow all traffic by default, and blocking or allowing only the connexion defined by the rules.
dcflash	Actionscript 2 charting classes for financial charts, pie charts, node graphs, etc, etc. Also actionscript 2/actionscript/javascript class libraries for statistics and data handling.
dcfldd	An Enhanced version of gnu dd with features useful for forensics and security.  Key features include on-the-fly hashing, status output and faster disk wiping.
dcflightsim	A 3D-flight simulator with excellent sound.
dcg	DCG is a dynamic code generator that can write any text-based output like programming languages, HTML, XML, etc. It provides a very powerful yet easy syntax for template writing. The dynamic code is based on the power of .NET Framework.
dcgen	DCGenerator or DCGen is a port of the Sega Genesis emulator, Generator, to the Sega Dreamcast.
dcgui-gtk	A gtk (gtkmm) focused gui-interface for dclib, instead of the default qt-interface
dcgui-gtkmm	dcgui-gtkmm is a DC client written in C++ using GTKmm for GNU/Linux.
dchat	dChat allows you to easily add a customisable, remote-scripting based DHTML realtime chat tool to your site without the need for non-standard plugins (eg Java/Flash/Shockwave) or annoying page refreshes.
dcheroes	The first objective of DCHeroes Project is to reproduce an version of an Character Builder, An 3D Game Engine and e a Massive Multiplayer Game. All made in Java + CrystalSpace3d
dches	Dummy Chess (dches) is a chess game, which focus the fun at the final phase of the game. So use it as a tool design your own final phase chess game or excise your mind with the existing designs. The game is in two dimensions and it is a GUI application.
dchnu	The DC Hub Network Utilities (aka DCHNU) are a group of utilities that provide additional services and features for the DC Hub Networks.
dchpp	New direct connect hub that will aim to make give direct connect a distributed style of network, and not have it be a set of single private networks
dchubjava	A server written for the DC protocol, which is already providing amazingly 1 PETABYTE of data freely available for download. This server is written in Java, so it&#039;s guarantueed to work with your system, unless it&#039;s something so far undeveloped,
dchubscript	This is a Direct Connect (www.neo-modus.com) HUB script.  The script has been written to provide remote user control of the original direct connect hub.  This is a total solutions script still under development consisting of a single \\&#039;bot\\&#039; th
dci	dci is an RPN scientific calculator for console users.  It is an improved /usr/bin/dc, though not 100% compatible.  dci is designed for quick handling of arithmetic, trigonometry, logarithms, and complex values.
dci4driver	DCI4 network driver for RISC OS
dcip	Algorithms for digital color image processing pipeline, including demosaicking, color constancy, color correction, image calibration, gamma, contrast/edge enhancement, de-noise, HDR, etc.
dciphermail	Introducing dCipherMAIL, the FREE to use solution that can be used to secure just about any email account.
dciwam-html-ref	A german-language XHTML-referenz.
dcjmover	This program moves the files downloaded with DC++ (DirectConnect++) to a directory of your choice. It is written in Java and can be localized.
dckinstaller	XML Based Installer for Windows (uses RAR compression) developed on MS Visual Basic 6.0sp6
dckml2shp	DC kml2shp is a graphical frontend for tools to convert a KML file to a shapefile.
dcl	Double Choco Latte is a project to create a solution for managing some IT departments including software development and call center activity.  It has a web interface and will also have a stand-alone Java client.
dclean	Disk Cleaner is a tool to quickly and easily free disk space that is used by temporary files like the system temporary folder, the Internet Explorer Cache and Cookies folder, and the Recycle Bin. It can be expanded with text-based plug-ins &amp; DLLs.
dclib	This is a C++ library of portable sockets, threading, GUI, and directory browsing APIs as well as many container classes and other items such as a big integer, a log4j style logger, arithmetic coder, other compression related classes and much more.
dclog	dclog is a C logging library. It supports the concept of log levels, configurable logfile timestamps, and a configurable prefix to log messages.
dclogger	DCLogger is a diagnostic hub for the Direct Connect protocol.
dcloginp	DCLP is a method of logging in to a web based application that allows you to use any server to authenticate. For example, the username bob@mydomain.com would use mydomain.com to authenticate bob, even if you are on hisdomain.com.
dclp	This is a kicks and bans search engine that works with the Battlefield Server Manager from BBO. It is written in PHP/MySQL and has been tested in both Linux and Windows environments. It parses the adminlog.csv file locally or remotely via FTP.
dclrail	A QNX-based Library for controlling Märklin Digital model railroads over a serial interface. The Project includes a shell for interactive control as well as a bootable floppy disk image.
dcm4che	dcm4che is an implementation of DICOM [s. http://medical.nema.org/dicom.html ] in Java.The sample applications may be useful on its own.It also includes an IHE [s. http://www.ihe.net ] compliant DICOM Archive application,based on J2EE
dcmd	a distributed shell with supporting scripts.  For use in managing medium to large deployments of unix / linux servers
dcmiresourcemgr	The project aim is to deliver a resource manager based on the Dublin Core Metadata Initiative (http://dublincore.org). Dublin Core was selected because of the variety of resources any user (agent) can define using its properties.
dcmn8	DCmn8 (disseminate) is intented to be a multi-platform Direct Connect protocol client, based on Java/Eclipse. The original motivation is to provide a DC client for Linux that would match and exceed in quality the existing Windows counterparts.
dcmpi	dcmpi is an implementation of DataCutter, an asynchronous message passing parallel computing library, that uses conventional TCP/IP sockets for communication, or optionally uses MPI libraries for communication.
dcmrelay	The dcmrelay is a set of utilities designed to relay dicom images or studies, from dicom medical compliant modalities, to other organizations where those images are needed, for purposes like teleradiology, diagnosis, archive or simple transmission.
dcmrouter	dcmrouter is a java-solution of a &quot;Dicom Router&quot; which is able to recieve Dicom Objects and transmit them after manipulating with plugins.
dcms	This project aim to implementation a distribute content management system-- &quot;DCMS&quot; .
dcms-portal	DCMS (Dynamic Content Management System) is type of portal that is fully dynamic for webmasters to set up sites and allow computer illiterate people to update it without mangling the content or scripts.
dcmsee	Dicom Explorer is a viewer for medical images, especilly for DICOM images. It can read DICOM files and analyse them. Also, it can display the images.Besides, it can analyse and display other medical images, such as GE Genesis and NEMA formats.
dcmserver	CyclopsDicom is a comprehensive implementation of the DICOM (Digital Imaging  and COmunications in Medicine) protocol in Smalltalk, providing DICOM network services and the necessary infrastructure for the development of DICOM-aware applications.
dcmtrainer	The Dynamic Cheat Manipulator(DCM) is a game trainer and cheat management project.  Built with Visual Basic.NET is can run on any Windows machine running .Net Framework 1.0 or newer.  It also supports relative addressing to make finding cheats easier.
dcmule	An emule and eFarm based system providing efficient file distribution and community chat.
dcmunky	Port of Chipmunk Basic to the SEGA(tm) Dreamcast(tm)
dcnds	An extension to the CONTIKI operating system (http://www.sics.se/~adam/contiki/) to enable use on TMote Sky IV nodes. All Open Sourced. SEEMAC stands for Simple Energy Efficient MAC. The project purpose is to write a new MAC algorithm for the Tmote Sky I
dcnet-x	DCNet-X is a server built on the Direct Connect ADC protocol, written in C++ for 32bit Windows and all POSIX operating systems
dcnexusrpg	An open-source, 2D, Multi-Platform MMORPG.
dcntools	The DCN Toolkit contains the DCN Interpreter for processing XML datastreams in a CORBA/ECMA compliant environment. See http://www.dataconsortium.org for information about the Data Consortium Namespace and its RDF Dictionary.
dcog	D-Cog (Declarative-Cognition) is a Java based framework for training software components (reusable, object-oriented, interface-driven components). Instead of programmed, software components are trained by example to get the expected results.
dcom	peer to peer software
dcon	This project defines the framework for Distributed Conferencing (DCON) by appropriately orchestrating the operation of a number of XCON (http://www.ietf.org/html.charters/xcon-charter.html) &quot;focus&quot; elements.
dconfig	DConfig is a general purpose dynamic configuration toolkit. Achieving dynamic application configuration without server restart is almost impossible by using static properties files, xml configure files, or too complex to use JMX. DConfig makes it easy.
dconpro	A file sharing client and server based on the DirectConnect protocol (neo-modus.com) for the Windows platform.  Client supports simultaneous hub connections, a refined MP3 search, and ability to download the same file from multiple users at the same time
dcopolis	DCOPolis is a framework for comparing and deploying distributed decision processes in heterogeneous environments, including simulation in a virtual machine.
dcoracle2	Python bindings for Oracle 8 &amp; 9 (OCI8)
dcore	dCore is an application framework. dCore contains User,Content and File Management Systems. dCore was written by specialist Duncan Cameron. Expansion is through the addition of Templates and Modules. Download the latest version via http://www.dcoreapp.co
dcos	Dcos is a distributed computing package for shells. That is it will take any arbitrary program and parallelize it across shell accounts with potentially restricted resources.
dcosx	dcosx is a Direct Connect client based on dclib.  It takes full advantage of Mac OS X&#039;s Cocoa environment, so we x&#039;rs don&#039;t have to trudge through QT.
dcplaya	Basically dcplaya is a music player currently for DreamCast based on its own window manager. It provides support for plugins and a built-in lua interpretor allowing powerfull customizations.
dcplint	A verification tool for SMPTE Digital Cinema Packages (DCP)
dcplusplus	This is a project aimed at producing a file sharing client using the ADC protocol. It also supports connecting to the Direct Connect network.
dcpluspluslight	Improved client for the DC++ peer-to-peer sharing solution.
dcpoker	Dreamcast Poker is a game written in c/c++.  It is a four player Texas Hold&#039;em (possibly more) game for the dreamcast.  Each player will be able to see their cards on the vmu.
dcpplv	This program is designed to parse DC++ Uploads.log and Downloads.log and create an abstract of them in another file.
dcppp	Direct Connect perl client (library) for bots.
dcpro	DC:PRO is a client for the Direct-Connect-File-Sharing. Among other things it features segmented downloading, user-friendly interface, multi-hub connections, chat with colors and images. The developer disappeared. The latest source has not been released!
dcprod	Direct Connect Pro is a multiplexing, multithreaded, multiuser client daemon for direct connect, which features PAM authentication and a customisable download filter. Direct Connect Pro will soon be superceded by Dolda Connect.
dcprof	dcprof is a lightweight, easy to use code profiler for C/C++ programs. It is easy to use on existing projects, no need to do extensive surgery. The output is human-readable and formatted nicely.
dcproxy	This is simple Direct Connect proxy server
dcquake	porting Quake,Quake II and Hexen II to Dreamcast console
dcr	This program gives you a new way of capturing and collecting music from radio stations over the Internet. You can listen and record your favorites radios at the same time also this way like to realize audio diffusion using outcast stream protocol.
dcrawler	dCrawler (Distributed Crawler) alias D-HarvestMan (Distributed HarvestMan) is a distributed Web crawler implemented in the Python programming language. dCrawler is developed on top of the existing open source Web crawler named HarvestMan.
dcrm	DC Route Management,Route digitizing and management extension
dcrpg	The DCRPG project intends to create an RPG engine for the Sega Dreamcast gaming console. The project is initially focusing on the creation of a 2D RPG reminiscent of the original Final Fantasy games for NES.
dcrteam	Suite of diverse free tools under the platform win32 destined to help to increase the safety and ergonomics, of the users of internet of simple and comfortable way
dcs	Distributed computation software (DCS) for researching complicated systems.Developed for modelling varios experiments on complicated systems in order to reduce time of the experiment.Consists of two modules: task managing module, task processing module.
dcs10-96	10-96 dCS is an online community system. Providing a private site that is easily customizable to fit your taste. Login/Register features, along with profile pages that include member gallery and poetry features. For more info: http://1096designs.com
dcs1000w	This software is a Linux bash script which allows the D-Link DCS-1000W 802.11b wireless camera (and compatible equipment) as well as V4L webcams to operate as time-lapse security cameras.
dcsb	This is a simple stats bot for the Direct Connect Network. \nOnce setup it will login to a hub and get the userlist then output\nit to a tidy HTML webpage  :)\nCustom web page colours and custom timer setting supported
dcscriptcreator	Direct Connect Hub Script Creator - Designs Custom Scripts For The DC Hub - Chose Options And Then Hit Preview So You Can See Script Before It Is Actually Written - 20 Operator Functions And 4 Levels Of OPs So Each Level Can Be Given Different Powers
dcsecure	DcSecure is a php based wrapper that cleans Get, Post, and Server variables so as to defend against php vulnerabilities. It cleans all variables and replaces the orignal ones with the cleaned ones so the target scripts do not require modifications.
dcserver	An OSGi 2.0 server with a service- and component-based architecture.  The architecture and API enable easy development of new services.  Planned services include a Certification Authority (CA) and XML messaging.
dcsharphub	DC Sharp Hub is a Direct Connect File Sharing Hub written in C# (C Sharp) that will provide connectivity with other peer to peer networks.
dcskbs	This will start as a basic rule based system,growing into a text/graphical KBS shell, with the possibility of expert systems being released also.
dcstuntracer	a multiplayer 3D game for DreamCast using KallistiOS
dcsys	The domotica control system uses Velleman K8000 cards to let you configure and control just about anything in your house
dctag	The DCTag library is an open source suite of custom JSP tags that implement various high-level web presentation patterns.  Specifically, DCTag does for calendar displays and detail pages what display tag does for tabular list data.
dctcd	&quot;GUI&quot; for DCTC (Direct Connect Text Client) focused on fully automatic run on servers, gathering upload stats and working as a chat bot. It&#039;s modular design enables simple extending its functionality.
dctm	Eclipse Documentum DQL/API plug-in with the main functionality of content proposals and colour coding. As a secondary result testing things the plug-in is starting to resemble a fast hard client. A feature we lost when a certain hard client was replaced.
dctmcmd	DOcumentum Command Shell (DOCS) is a command line client interface for the Documentum Content Server, which provides navigation, execution of basic library functions, and an extensible architecture for writing additional custom commands.
dctmutils	Utilities package for working with Documentum.  Includes tools for working with basic DFC, e.g. Sessions, Objects, DQL; Automatic Workflow Activities (DAAF); and Ant tasks.
dctmvfs	Apache Commons VFS Provider for Documentum and plugin for JCommander
dctools	DCTools is a distribution of a wide variety of very useful freeware and opensource software. We aim to promote the creators of these handy tools and encourage others to join the opensource community.
dctos	Standard linux distributions are not very optimized when used as linux storage appliances. DCT decided to create a linux distrubution based on Debian which has been adjusted to server better as an appliance platform with as main goal storage purposes.
dctviewer	DCTViewer is a robust web based solution, sponsored by Document Conversions Technology, http://docconversions.com , for digital document searching and viewing in an intranet enviroment.  Features include document storage, indexing, searching and viewing,
dcvb	P2P software, which aims to connect to multiple servers using different protocols. Currently connects to servers on the Neo-Modus Direct Connect protocol. Software is written in Visual Basic.
dcvp	DCVP(for Data Center Virtualization Protocol) is a set of rules, agreements and reference software/implementations that enable a standard for participating entities,  to help them inter-operate data center virtualization technologies.
dcwatch	DCWatch is a roBOT program, that works on Direct Connect network. (ADC and NMDC protocol support, plugin support, Lua script support)
dcwin	set of c++ classes (mostly inline and templates) wrapping Windows (Win32) API. bring c++ to your Windows SDK development!
dcxtoolsuite	DCX Tools Suite is a set of tools for use with Servers and Client sides of dcxtended.  Currently included are: DCX Updater and DCX SSM Modder.
dcxx	Direct-Connect Client for Unix/Linux with plattform independent GUI.
dd-frontend	Xdd is a frontend for the powerfull \\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;dd\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039; command. It is meant to allow beginners to use \\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;dd\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039; safely and in a \\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;userfriendly\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039; way.
dd2d	Dragon Dagger 2D is simple, extendable graphical role playing game like Crossfire.
ddachurch	This is a game where you are an antichristand you need to distroy the church (and the pope). This game will be filled with fine, hand-crafted sarcasm.
ddaddos	ddaddos stands for ``detect DAD (Duplicate Address Detection) Denial of Service&#039;&#039;, it&#039;s a deamon that sends periodically special IPv6 packets in order to spot a network under a DAD based attack.
ddaf	It&#039;s an Open Source project to help develop Database Applications with Delphi. It gives you a DB Application FrameWork inside which you can &quot;load&quot; your modules and a DB Application Library you can use to &quot;inherit&quot; and &quot;custo
ddance	Demon&#039;s Dance is a RoM derivative mud codebase, primarily used by the mud Demon&#039;s Dance v2.0.
ddanielsgc	A general purpose natural language grammar checker. English grammar checking and proofing is intended. Other languages (French, German, Italian, Russian...) should work with this model.
dday-ical	DDay.iCal is an iCal (RFC 2445) class library for .NET 2.0 and above. It aims at providing full RFC 2445 compliance, while providing full compatibility with popular calendaring applications, like Evolution, Outlook 2007, Windows Calendar, and Sunbird.
ddb	DDB is a Web Database wrtten in Perl using dbm for the database. It is being built for ticket software, and issuing trouble tickets for support departments.
ddback	Dan&#039;s rsync to Disk incremental BACKup utility is a simple bash script driven by easy to edit and easier to understand config files. It&#039;s meant to be used with a laptop and an external USB harddrive as the backup media or over NFS to another se
ddbfs	A project to create a Distributed Relational Database File System for the GNU/Linux platform. The architecture will allow for multiple encryption and/or compression layers as well as providing the ability to complete live backups.
ddbot	DDBot is a irc bot written in perl language, that allows to play Dungeons And Dragons on a IRC server.
ddbug	DDBug is a user-friendly issue-tracking system implemented as a Zope Product. It is inspired by ideas of Extreme Programming promoting the &quot;balance of power&quot; between customers and developers. It is also a simple example of Zope development best
ddc-concordance	DWDS/Dialing Concordance (DDC) - a collection of index and search tools for corpus linguists
ddccontrol	Control your monitor by software using the DDC/CI protocol.
ddclient	Ddclient is a Perl client used to update dynamic DNS entries for accounts on &#039;Dynamic DNS Network Services&#039; free DNS service.  It currently supports a lot of different routers and a few different services.
ddcms	DD CMS is a PHP/MySQL based Content Management System, which allows you to create a complex website using your own design ideas. DD CMS allows to integrate dynamic content using nice installers or assistents. Very easy, but professional install and use.
ddcp	Java Database connexion and Statement Pool. This software is a dynamically sizeable Pool that can have multiple differents database link. Debbuging and error messages handle with log4j. Simple configration and use.
ddcplusplus	Completely redone and based on iDC++ 1.26
dddddddddd	dddddddddd
dddpong	3D Pong - a fast, fun and modern version of everybodies favorite 2D game -- in 3D!  Play with your friends over the internet on the other side of the world!
ddebit	Direct debit HB
ddelivery	It´s an e-commerce solution written in Java for the food delivery market.
ddeltup	The dynamic deltup server network provide delta-files with differences between source-archives to clients to save bandwidth and time on client side.
ddepp	DDE++ is a C++ library that simplifies the development of DDE (dynamic data exchange) client and server applications on Win32 platforms.
ddgp	DDGP is a simple grid platform written in Java. It focuses on distributed computing and data gathering in Internet environment. Intended for smaller projects requiring couple hundreds of computers gathered together for a master-worker like jobs.
ddhi	DDHI is a driver-driven hooking interface for use by programmers seeking to extend functionality of existing software or debug such software by intercepting procedure calls via driver-assisted technology.
ddi	Cross-browser Javascript Drag&#039;n&#039;Drop interface, based on MS&#039;s drag-and-drop and dataTransfer technologies. Library implements core d&#039;n&#039;d functionality only, providing full control over process by event handlers and plugins.
ddi-alliance	The Data Documentation Initiative (DDI) is an effort to establish an international XML-based standard for the content, presentation, transport, and preservation of documentation for datasets in the social and behavioral sciences.
ddict	DDict is an extesible Desktop integrated proxy for online Dictionaries. It resides in the system tray and alows users to quickly lookup words in multiple online dictionaries at the same time
ddimage	ddimage is a BASH Script which utilizes dd to create/restore disk images. It also uses: gzip (compression), netcat (send images to server), split (split images). You can also create images on a different harddisk, on samba shares, NFS shares etc.
ddirpg	Dungeons and Dragons Independent RPG
ddit	The DDIT Project Major Feature is Graphic Debug . Use break point , trace ,etc to record and show susquence diagram , state transfering in state machine ,control flow and so on.
ddivx	ddivx wraps around transcode to encode from one video format to another one distributed to one or more clients via TCP/IP.
ddl	Diagram Definition Language compiler and interpreter
ddl-oracle	Oracle DBA&#039;s module for Oracle 8i, 8.0 and 7.3.  Reverse engineers DDL for specified list of objects.  Defrags entire tablespaces.  Resizes tables/indexes to your standards. Creates user X with privileges of Y.  Etc., etc., etc.
ddlgen	A Database Utility program for extracting complete DDL for IBM DB2/OS390. The tool will extract Database, Stogroup, Tablespace, Table, Index, RI, and Trigger specifications.
ddljen	Database-independent SQL DDL scripts generator.
ddm	This software will enable a group of users to download big files over the net in chunks and enable them to merge the chunks offline.
ddmap	A program letting you customize, edit, print and export dungeons &amp; dragons maps. You&#039;ll also be able to edit towns as well as labyrinths, towers and more!
ddmirror	Debian Distribution Mirror is Python mirror software for Debian GNU/Linux distribution packages using wget
ddnd	Digital Dungeons and Dragons is a multi-player computer game closely based on Dungeons and Dragons 3rd ed. It consists of a client and server communicating by TCP/IP. The client will have 2D graphics using the SDL library.
ddnsbl	ddnsbl - dynamic dns blacklist maker from sendmail and spamassassin logs.
ddnseditor	DDnsEditor will be a GUI dynamic DNS (rfc2136) zone editor, similar in functionality to nsupdate. DDnsEditor uses TSIG authentication for all communication with the DNS server. It does not edit on-disk zone files.
ddnssync	A PHP5 dynamic DNS client that is capable of supporting any DDNS service with an appropriate plugin.
ddostm	Travail de maturit?: DDOS
ddpi	DDPI aims to produce open source GPL GUI development tools designed to enable the easy creation of powerful front-end database applications. The tool will be cross-platform, for the use of normal and power users alike.
ddpm	Basic management of vulnerabilities resp. patches/fixes, based on input by mailing lists and a list of machines associated to categories of software. Driven with web based front end with db backend.
ddraig	Ddraig is a JavaScript API library aiming to provide a standard, common interface for use in all web browsers.  The main objective of this project is to tackle the issue of inconsistent standards implementations in many major web browsers.
ddrmaniak	DDRManiak is a clone of the famous Dance Dance Revolution for mobile phones that support FlashLite.
ddrz8e	Ddr-Z8E is a device driver library for the Zilog Z8 Encore(r) microcontroller. The library supports I/O, IRQ, RS-232, I2C, SPI, A/D, WDT, ticker and built in flash memory as well as utility modules, e.g. for debugging and binary number representation.
dds	A Client-/Server-based Audio Player System for use in discos as well as at home.
ddsbench	ddsbench is a benchmarking suites which has the goal to become the point of reference for evaluating different OMG DDS compliant implementations.
ddserver	DDserver will provide a dynamic dns server and update system based on the dyndns services, which can be used for dynamic dns clients like ddclient
ddservices	The Dynamic DNS Services provide JMX beans, servlets and various tools to maintain a server running with a dynamic IP address. Monitors for several routers and webpage IP lookups as well as updaters for services like dyndns.org are included.
ddsgenerator	DDS based RF generator with Analog Devices chips
ddskeywords	Data Description Specification Keywords (DDSKeywords) provides a set of JavaScript routines to simulate iSeries and AS/400 display file processing.
ddsteps	JUnit extension making test cases data driven. Uses external test data (in Excel, XML etc) which is injected into your test case using standard JavaBeans properties. Data enables and integrates toolkits such as jWebUnit and DbUnit. 100% JUnit compatible.
ddsweet	ddsweet is collection of tools and routines for science calculation and simulation.
ddt	DDT is a set of tools including a client/server application that allows remote authenticated DNS updates. DDT stands for Dynamic DNS Tools.
ddt-mini-soft	ddt-mini-soft is a collection of my useful small software including Image processing, 3D Water Effect in OpenGL, API lib, C/C++ lessons, game and more...
ddth	Collection of Open Sourced scripts, libraries, frameworks and software written in Perl, PHP, JavaScript and Java/Jsp/Servlet.
ddtl	Declarative Data Transformation Language. Language describes efective transformations of small data sets (stored in memory), with specified relational like schema, which prepares data for conversion to output formats.
ddtof	Application frameworks for the real-time elaboration/transcoding of (compressed) digital data.
ddtorg	Debate Tournament organizational software for Canadian Parliamentary and British Parliamentary style debates.  Includes power-bracketed and random pairings, and room/judge allocations.
ddu	Dynamic DNS update tool for DynDns services. Features: Stateful memory, a complete activity log, configuration file, and cross-platform portability.
ddunit	DDUnit (Data Driven Unit Testing) is a project centered around the development of a unit testing tool that may be used where a user is interested that information ends up where, as and when it should having undergone some transformation process.
ddutils	ddutils (drug design utils) contains programs and libraries applied in drug design. It is designed to cover all fields in CADD, such as ADME, QSAR, MD, molecular docking, solvation effect and free energy prediction.
ddw	Digital Direct for Windows (DDW) is a program to operate model trains without special interfaces under Windows. DDW generates all the information (DCC/NMRA &amp; Marklin) necessary for operation of digital locomotives and solenoids via the serial interfa
ddwbbacsm	The Django-driven web-based book-authoring content-management-system (ddwbbacms) is a program that allows authors to work on their books, articles, or topics without having to have their hard drives nearby. Access to the web is all that is required.
ddynamips	A shell to manage distributed dynamips lab enviroment.
ddynns	ddynns update your dyndns account settings using secure http
de-allybot	An IRC-Bot made for Alliances at the browsergame Die-Ewigen
de-ap	Deepy&#039;s-Administration Panel, the administrator panel used by Abused Armchairs.
de-delphi	Dieses Projekt hat zum Ziel deutschsprachige Delphi-Tutorials zu entwickeln und zu veröffentlichen. Es geht dabei darum, durch eine gemeinsame Arbeit anspruchsvolle Tutorials und Artikel anzubieten. Jeder, der mitarbeiten möchte, ist willkommen.
de-facto	The purpose of the De facto project is to create an integrated and secure enterprise architecture based on &quot;De facto&quot; Java technologies, like JavaServer Faces and EJB 3.0. The project emphasizes Sun Microsystems products.
de-maelstrom	The intent is to determine if source files have proper internal package specifications, display inconsistencies and perhaps provide intelligent corrective options including the checking/correcting of imports with-in the same base package.
de-uuhaus-lisp	Collection of Common Lisp Packages that may be useful to the average Common Lisp programmer which are not available elsewhere.
de04orange-1	modelling and simulation framework
de04red	Framework for SME-Simulation
deaba	DEABA: knowledgedb, downloader n sincronizer 2 online popular sites that store YOUR info. Just 2 use offline as compact&amp;compressed&amp;easy2use single portable multiplatform (PCS/PALM/PHONES). Targets: orkut,linkedin,aim,icq n so. After all, YOUR dat
dead-detect	A patch for the Linux 2.6 kernel to implement deadlock detection and recovery using a modified timeout strategy for spinlocks.
dead-souls	The Dead Souls MUD Library is a multi-user text based adventure creation system. It allows the user to build their own adventure game which can be played over the internet simultaneously by many people. It is designed for both experts and beginners.
dead-zone	Dead Zone Scripts will be here to help out the newbies and even the guru&#039;s of the linux world. The scripts and programs range from system tools to irc scripts and even scripts for Gaim (popular linux chat tool). System tools range from kernel buildi
deadaim2gaim	Python script to translate deadaim logs to gaim logs
deadbolt	Deadbolt is a java web application security framework that takes the headache out of securing a web application. It can be added to an existing application and be customized to meet you needs within minutes, with minimal learning curve.
deadeyeonline	Western Themed MMORPGFPS
deadftp	A Graphical FTP client for GNOME featuring transfer resuming, transfer queue, drag-n-drop and proxy support.
deadline	deadline is a viewer/front end for project plans for the PalmOS.  Goal is to be able to import exported projects from packages such as MS Project, Scitor, and other major Project Planning tools.
deadlineaow	A realtime strategy game in 3D
deadlockgame	Deadlock is a 2D top-down adventure game. In this game you play a hero who is part of a tribe that struggles a war against an evil fire demon. You are the only hope to restore peace and prosperity to your people.
deadly-doom	This is going to be a new doom port with online play, it will have all the best fetures form other doom ports and soon when its done it will be the best doom port ever &gt;= ]
deadlychess	This chess program changes its strength to give the best match against you. Eventually it learns to beat you specifically through learning alogirthms. Features included transposition tables and a elementary 3-piece endgame tablebase.
deadlycobra	Deadly Cobra is an SDL based game similar to the classic Nibbles or snake game. The point is to eat as many &quot;Men&quot; as possible without eating yourself or hitting a wall. Features include single &amp; multiplayer modes, cool 2-D graphics and grea
deadmeat	Dead Meat is (yet another) bomberman clone. Why another one? Just because none of the dozens of bomberman clones we&#039;ve seen are GPL, portable, fun to play and have decent graphics at the same time. Dead Meat is written in C++ and uses SDL.
deadpeople	deadpeople is a tool to create a list of users on linux servers that havn&#039;t been logged in for X days.
deadrabbits	This project is a project based on a program called &quot;FFACT&quot; which is a background keystroke program for the Square-Enix game, FFXI.  We are comuned programmers looking for an OSS base.
deadringer-net	DeadRinger.NET is a collection of .NET tools for dealing with images on a website. These tools include an httpHandler, Web Control, and class libraries for image manipulation, management, caching, etc.
deadsoulrpg	DeadSoul is a multiplayer online engine to develop turn based and real time games providing a simple way of creating the game server rules and clients like Stendhal. Uses Delphi and Firebird for hosting hundreds of players on a solo host.
deaf	Da EAsy Framework\na *small* database framework for managing database entities in 1:n and n:m-relations. \nFor easy implementation of most of all database-driven work without need for more than this small classes.\nNot more not less..
deal	The development environment with the abstraction layer
deal-or-no-deal	This is a simple .NET (C#) version of the TV game show &quot;Deal Or No Deal&quot; intended for entertainment purposes. Enjoy!
dealii	Deal.II modules and working programs. Stand alone modules and programs developed with the deal.II finite element library available to the open public.
dean	To create, modify, &amp; package a set of webtools to network thousands of pre-existing communities who have both a web-presence and a common goal.  The targeted audience is the web-roots community, which has brought the net to the political strategy wor
deanna	Deanna is a modular web-based software platform for universities, schools and administrative offices that offers:\n- student services and LMS to students, teachers and educators\n- administrative services to secretaries and administrative assistants
deap	A data display and analysis toolkit that will provide radio astronomers with a versatile mechanism for viewing and interpreting their observation data.
deap-api	DEAP will be an object-oriented, platform-independent API for the D programming language. It is strongly influenced by the programming libraries of Java and Mono.
deardiary	Dear Diary is a password-protected text editor with features similar to WordPad that automatically encrypts the text before writing to disk. You can format text with different colors, fonts and font sizes as well as insert images into your documents.
deardr	Dear Dr. is a smart,user-friendly HIS system for individual doctors and general medical practitioners.Dear Dr. is ideal for single practice clinics and poly clinics and is focused on the integration of clinical, financial &amp; administrative application
deasolver	jDEA: Java Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) library. Provides features and methods to run different DEA algorithms which can determine efficiency and productivity of decsion-making units (DMU) based on their inputs and output. Operations Reserach (OR
death3d	You are thrust into a world where you must kill or be killed. Mercy is for the weak in the land known as Algor. There are many other lands to discover and to conquer, for you may be destined to become the ultimate life taker.
deathflight	This game runs on J2ME platform, requires MIDP2.0. The test of this game is success on Motorola e398 and C975, I cannot guarantee it can perform well on other mobile phones.
deathmetal	Death Metal is a mech-based combat game played from the first person perspective. It features team-based multiplayer combat in mechs.
deathrace	Great 2d/3d race game, you must play it!
deathroad	A race game based on &quot;Rock &#039;n Roll Racing&quot;.
deathvallyrpg	An RPG that is like outwar but better
deathworks3d	EpicWorks is a graphic engine for game development, which the main goal is the use of the most recent technics of real-time rendering.
deatoris	Rich Client Framework for enterprise applications.
deatoris-comp	deatoris project widgets and components ressources
deatoris-fwk	Deatoris Platform is an Open-Source Best-Practices Pattern-Based A.S.3 Framework for Macromedia Flex (RIA) development. Contains classes for building entreprise applications. Authors provide commercial support, consulting, training for enterprises.
debacker	Set of JavaScript scripts to parse MinML strings, access of XML-RPC and Json-RPC web services, and home of the Extended-JSON data format.
debarch	DebArch is Apache HTTP Server DSO module providing fast apt caching proxy server. It is written in C. DebArch also can be used for creating custom Debian repositories.
debase	DeBase aims to be a personal all-in-one easy-to-use application to store whatever information the user (re)defines as important.
debased	There is not great magic behind Dsslive if not that is a pure debian system booting from a cdrom. Pure means that it makes use of default configuration files and a stock kernel. This has been achieved by designing the USS (Upstream Salmon Struct).
debaser	Debaser is a powerful password generator which has plans to be turned into a password manager.
debatable	Software tools to manage school debating competitions from registration through to final results.
debate-ie-timer	Debate timer for various debate formats (Policy, LD, Parliamentary, Public Forum, etc.) and for individual events. Tracks all prep times. Gives verbal and visual time signals. Runs on PalmOS, Pocket PC, Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, etc. Uses SuperWaba.
debate-timer	The Debate Countdown Timer is a tool which provides timer features targeted at the policy/cross-examination debate community.  The application&#039;s &quot;sticky&quot; feature allows easy viewing while users flow on their laptops during rounds.
debcon5	debcon5 is a web based debian configuration tool. It is written with php, using MySQL and Apache. Main object of the project is to configure a Debian Linux System from the web interface easily. Network services, firewall, apache2, bind, cron, mysql, ftp.
debdocview	Fast convert debiandoc sgml files (and possibly other sgml) to human readable (using less, more, mc) format
debhian	ZoneEdit Updater is a ZoneEdit update script designed to update your ZoneEdit hosts when your IP address changes.
debian-auto	Deb-autoins Is short for Debian AutoInstaller it will download an apt with the latest etch sources, and install latest updates + gnome or kde, depending on the script you choose.
debian-cygwin	A project to port the debian package management system (dpkg/apt) to the cygwin platform, and also start porting debian packages to cygwin.  Should also have an initial &quot;apt-able&quot; repository of beginning packages.
debian-i586	debian-i586 is a project to create/produce a tuned/optimized Debian GNU/Linux distribution for i586 (Pentium class) processors or higher, just like Linux-Mandrake does.
debian-imac	A Stuffit archive containing files and instructions needed for installing the Debian GNU/Linux operating system on an iMac, or really most any PowerPC PowerMac. The instructions are oriented towards machines that don&#039;t have floppy drives.
debian-patcher	Debian Patch Downloader is a small perl script that gives you the opportunity to choose which patches to download from the offical debian security site.After downloading the patches can be installed autmatically ( as an option ).
debian-rs	DebianRS is a regional groups of Debian users from Rio Grande do Sul brazilian state. This group will provide information about the projects, meetings and documentations about Debian in Rio Grande do Sul.
debian-standard	debian-standard is a project to enhance the debian distribution following as much standards as possible (primarily ISO standards) but will not follow bad standards. It will follow standards where user preference is not possible or not acceptable.
debiance	Debiance is an innovative platform to test ICT Linux skills. It is based on Python, PostgreSQL, Zope and Plone. Tests are multiple-answer and single-choice, together with practical terminal sessions.
debiancell	Port of IBM&#039;s Cell Simulator for a Debian distribution. Intended to develop FFT, MPEG compression, Pixel Shader and other algorithms for Cell as well. The project will also deal with compiler optimizations.
debianhardened	Hardened Debian/Debian Hardened is a project that brings to Debian GNU/Linux high security &amp; hardening features, hardened kernels, packages and enhanced toolchain, the DHKP kernel patches and other cryptography-related enhancements.
debiantam	The Objective of thos project is to translate debian installer in tamazight.
debianwfc	A collection of debian/watch files contained in the .diff&#039;s for every upstream source package (and more) in Debian. This collection of watch files will help users update packages themselves before the Debian developer does.
debinol	Debinol is a project to make it easier for first time users (very noob) to get a running GUI capable installation of debian gnu/linux that will be using kde desktop. This will be done by executing a script to finish configuring a basic Debian install.
debinstaller	A graphical frontend to dpkg and apt-get written in Python + PyGTK.
debmin	Remote administration tool for Debian.\ndebmin is very extensible through a high level API, plugin architecture and use a simple language (python).
debmirror	Debian Mirroring Script is a Perl Script for automatic mirroring of Debian GNU/Linux distributions.
debmirror-qt	DebMirror-Qt - A Qt based multi-threaded Mirroring client.Use this to mirror apt distributions
debommender	Debommender is a web-based recommender system for Debian packages, making it easier for its users to find packages which are relevant to their specific needs.
debon	Debon stands for DEsktop roBOt Network. The idea of this project is to create a desktop robot that will try to entertain and help the desktop user.
debots	bots for 3dee.com
debpatch	debpatch is a perl script which can help a user to build Debian packages with their own patches automatically.  For more information, please visit: http://victor.csie.org/debpatch/
debprompt	Searches for .deb packages and returns only package name.
debproxy	debproxy is designed to be a &quot;replicating proxy&quot; for a Debian archive mirror.  Through HTTP requests to the debproxy server, local mirrors of upstream archives are built based on the downstream requests.  A precaching proxy is the ultimate goal
debram	Ramified catalog of available .debs (Debian GNU/Linux)
debraudit	A list of reports of rough audits of the source code and other material in the Debian project. Some raw reports from exsisting tools may be posted. Rough security audits should be included.
debrief	Debrief is an Open Source Java application used for viewing maritime vessel tracks in 2 and 3 dimensions.  Tracks are read in using a number of flat-file ASCII formats, including AUTEC (RAO), PMRF and AFWTF.
debswan	Lockdown is a utility application written in Visual C#. It offers such features as file wiping, password generation, encryption, and hopefully will expand to include more. It is still in beta however, and should be used ONLY for testing at the moment.
debtgpl	A Debt Management/Collection Package suitable for both collection agents and internal departments of companies.
debto	Debto, short for Debtometer is primarily a method of keeping track of shared expenses amongst users. As users record transactions the balances of the users are updated. Common uses are sharehouses, office lunches etc. A way of keeping things fair &amp; o
debtoo	DebToo - Debian powered from source. Portage-like configurability brought into Debian with the goodies known to Gentoo users: USE flags, optimised packages, hand picked patches, fine grained tweaking performance, inherted configurations.
debtpayoff	An application which will calculate how long it will take to pay off a credit card at a given interest rate and payment amount, and how much of what is paid will go toward interest.
debudebu	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
debug-server	Debugging server allowing remote debug logging and access to the information via a web based interface.
debugdotnet	Debugging library for .NET (written in C#). Log as plain text, xml and treeviews into console, debug window, files and eventlog. Covers pretty much all debugging needs.
debugfilter	DebugOutputFilterClient is a small wxWindows based app, that sorts and filters the output of an application. The idea is to give the user the ability to choose what debug-messages to display at runtime.
debugging-sugar	The aim of project - provide some features for advanced debugging in eclipse-java
debuglib	A debuging library for C++.  It does dynamic memory management with malloc and looks for potentiazl problems and leaks.  It can also free up all leaked memory at the end of the program.  I am currently working on hooking the new and delete keywords to wo
debugmsg	There was no module for simple debug messages supporting debug/verbosity levels and indentation and colors. So this is the one, that is supposed to take this place.
debugstream	A debug library for C++ programs. Applications can be separated in multiple debug areas which can be individually activated and disactivated. Many kinds of output are supported: console, file, X11.
debuilder	A java web application that creates data entry forms and data extracts/reports through the use of &#039;wizard&#039; style web pages.  The goal is to provide a means for non programmers to create web pages such as surveys, sign-up forms, and other simple
debut	Debut is an open source grid infrastructure management framework that provides a cohesive solution for managing enterpise grids.
debuxxe	Debuxxe is an open source personal grader (or judge system) written in VB6.0. It helps training students who participate in computer olympiad program or informatics contests. Users can add their problems to Debuxxe easily.
debwebgui	Web based configuration GUI to &quot;replace&quot; the simplest task of the shell/console for Debian Linux (stable)
debyco	Design by contract.  This project is -probably- just of intellectual interest to its authors;  it concerns an eclipse builder for easy usage of DBC in java code.
debyte	Debyte is a Java Decompiler.
dec	Description will come later.
dec61	Dec61 is an interesting 3D action / puzzle game!
decafcc	Decafcc is a simple just-in-time (JIT) compiler. Decaf language originally is designed for learning the design of compiler at many universities. Decaf is similar to Java and C language with little caffeine. Decafcc includes lexer / parser /code generator
decaffinator	Decaffinator is a command line Java decompiler written in 100% Pure Java
decal	The Delphi Container and Algorithm Library (DeCAL) is a powerful library of reusable container classes, generic algorithms, and an easy to use persistence mechanism.  It is similar to and based on Stepanov&#039;s STL.
decalac	Decal is a plugin architecture for creating third-party tools for use with Asheron&#039;s Call to help enrich the online gaming experience.
decalcpplib	A collection of C++ wrapper classes that provide a relatively simple access to the Decal COM objects.
decaldev	Decal - a plugin framework for Asheron\\&#039;s Call
decaljacy	Decal plug-ins developed by Jacy of Thistledown.
decalscript	Provide scripting language support for Decal. (decaldev.sourceforge.net) Use Microsoft&#039;s Scripting Engine so we can support other AC Script files.  Provide a higher level API for accessing Decal (better wrapping of msgs, events, etc).
decanat	Dean office management software.
deceditsharp	Decorate Editor Sharp is a program designed to ease creating your own monsters and items with ZDoom&#039;s DECORATE lump. It is written in C# with SharpDevelop. It requires the .NET 2.0 Framework.
decent	de.cent CMS - an ASP.NET based 3-tier web content management system using web services, written in Visual Basic.NET.
decentric	the goal of the decentric project is to create a globally distributed signed-transaction network.
decentvpn	Decentralized VPN. It means that no fata flows from one client to another runs through the server as it&#039;s the case for a normal VPN. Standard VPN features will be available. OS supported must include Windows and Linux for both server and client part
decibel	An easy-to-install MP3 music store written in PHP supporting preview clips, PayPal payments and more
decida	decida is [de]vice &amp; [ci]rcuit [d]ata [a]nalysis. It is used for electron device characterization, procedural simulation/analysis of electronic circuits, or more general data analysis tasks.
decider	This is an automated requirement gathering assistant. Systems analyst can use this software to gahter imformation from client users. This software provides valuable questions, other analysts feedbacks, client feedbacks etc. to analyst when necassary.
decigen	DeciGen is an ERP with added features for help in decision making process. DeciGen incorporates DSS over the framework of ERP to provide a feature rich solution. DeciGen focuses the requirement of SME, with special emphasis for Service area.
deciint	This is a Java-Class, providing an abitrary precision of up to 2000000000 positions (depending on the memory). To reach this goal I use a String as number.
decipio	decipio is a tool designed to allow a generic game cheating mechanism, based on adaptive memory scans. it allows a gamer to extend lives, set unlimited money, bullets or (almost) anything his/her heart desires.
decisax	That&#039;s &quot;Deci&quot; as in one-tenth...  Based on the &quot;80/20 rule&quot;, something like 1/10 of the code provides far more than half the fnctionality.  This is a partial, non-validating, and VERY SMALL STL-based C++ implementation.
decision-deck	The Decision Deck project aims at developing a generic decision aid platform composed of modular &quot;software components&quot;. These software components implement the common functionnalities of a large range of multiple criteria decision aid methods.
deck	A Program for organising cards and constructing of card decks for trading card games such as Magic:the gathering.
deck2omf	Tools for converting BIAS Deck projects to OMF-compatible files, examining OMF files (and other Bento-compatible containers), and analyzing binary file formats.
deckard	Deckard is a simple, curses based, database front-end written in python. The idea is to make something like Microsoft Access, using curses screens, and independent of the database engine.
deckbuilder	MyPHP Deck Builder is in it&#039;s infancy, but one it is completed, it will provide a way for users to visually build and edit M:TG Decks. Decks built with this application can be used with the awesome Linux M:TG app Mindless Automaton, or Apprentice.
decker	Decker is a cyberspace hacking RPG where you hack into corperate systems to perform missions for rival corperations. Success lets you upgrade your skills, hardware, and reputation to take on more diificult jobs.
decksrc	Deck is a JavaScript library that aims to provide AJAX-based search and authentication for Horizon Information Portal (HIP) on-line public access catalog systems.
declara	Declara Framework is an improved tool to generate form based applications.
declone	deClone is a simple python-Qt based application for locating and managing duplicate files. The application is ideal for handling disorganized data on drives and also for removing old backups which are duplicates of one another.
decmpa	DecMPA is a simple MPEG Audio decoding library, supporting all MPEG Audio layers. Thus, it is able to decode MP3 data as well as data using the less common layers 1 and 2.
decnet	OS Independant Decentralisd Data Network System (DecNet), clustering/distribributed system to allow several servers anywhere to act as a single &quot;data store&quot;.  To include RAID 0, 1 and 5 raid style support.  The core to be designed in UML and co
deco	A clone of Norton Commander for Unix. Text-based, full featured file manager intuitive interface.
deco-cad	Deco-Cad software develop by C++ and QT help interior designer and architect to select furniture, accessories, color, texture and material from catalog and display in 3d realtime render with Instantly calculate the cost
decod	PROJETO DE CODIFICACAO E DECODIFICACAO DE MENSAGENS. ALGORITMO DE CODIFICACAO E DECODIFICACAO USANDO PALAVRA CHAVE PUBLICA, PRIVADA E TAG FALSA.
decodebase64	DecodeBase64 does exactly what the title says: it decodes strings encoded with the Base64 algorithm.  Source code is provided in both Java and C++.
decodeimg	DecodeIMG is a tool for converting between two forms of black&amp;white images - the raster images and the numerical &quot;encoded&quot; images.
decodificador	DECODIFICA??O DE TV A CABO PELO PC ATRAV?S DE PLACA DE TV e SOFTWARE
decodify	Decodify is a simple program that parses a numerical string and extracts different parts of it as per user query. The main application of &#039;decodify&#039; is to extract parts of a control bus in logic simulation, but many other uses are possible.
decomment	a source code decommenter.
decomptool	A tool for decomposing biochemical networks into subnetworks based on the\nglobal geometry of the network.
decompyle	Decompyle is a python disassembler and decompiler which converts Python byte-code (.pyc or .pyo) back into equivalent Python source. Verification of the produced code (re-compiled) is avaliable as well.
decon	This project is aimed to develop a light weight application to help people record their expenses for daily life.
deconnectthings	Deconnectthings reads and decodes bar codes from the &quot;CT 1&quot; bar code reader (also known as the AirClic PC Reader) on Linux.
decopter	Unrealistic SDL/OpenGL helicopter simulator.
decorutils	A set of utilities for the use of decorators in a Java web application. The goal of this project is to offer an easy way to &quot;decorate&quot; data for presentation purposes. This is partially done by using concepts introduced by the Decorator Design P
decostaballet	Ballet
decostage	DecoStage is a free, open source, Cocoa-based software for modelling SCUBA-diving decompresion profiles via the VPM and VPM-B algorithms. It includes a gas blending panel for trimix and nitrox, as well as a very extensive and broad help system.
decreasoner	The Discrete Event Calculus Reasoner is an open source program for performing automated commonsense reasoning using the discrete event calculus, a comprehensive and highly usable formalism for reasoning about action, change, space, and mental states.
decrypto	In DeCrypto you will find a collection of scripts for helping decrypt messages. Eventully I am going to put these scripts together into a nice interface.
decwar	Decwar is THE classic Multi-User Game, allowing upto 18 players to join the fight for supremacy in the known galaxy. It ran on PDP-10 mainframes, with players typing commands at their terminals. This project aims to recreate Decwar as a network program.
ded	A motif-based linux/solaris LDAP directory client which simplifies creating, editing, browsing and pattern/template changing of LDAP directory. Multiediting several entries, easy creating entries, working with abstract objects instead entries.
dedalu	This project is intented to produce and create simple useful applications using the Lazarus IDE. Such applications can be Games, Editors (of any type), or anything else, but they can not be to much complex as they should be used as examples or demos.
dedalus	Dedalus is a game for children and teenagers aged between 8 and 15 years. This game is intended to make them learn the basic concepts of structured programming languages, like conditions and loops.
dedchain	DED|Chain allows you to build first class, high-quality websites without the cruft. Includes an easily customizable API, a chained OO structure, and several utility methods for AJAX, animation, DOM scripting, and advanced event handling.
dedek	Small tool for all DnD players (program only in Polish)
dedicheck	Ce script vous permettra de &quot;checker&quot; les ports de votre serveur dédié et vous prévient par mail en cas de souci. Il dispose d&#039;un installeur automatique, Une base de données MySQL est nécessaire ainsi que la fonction php &quot;fsockopen&qu
dedit	Dedit aims to reproduce the functionality of the editors included with later versions of MS-DOS and Windows 9x.
dedito	A project thought in C++ and originally for Linux from Uruguay. The objective is to complete simple and portable environment of development for differents programming languages, different compilers, etc..
deduce	Deduce is an artificial intelligence program which accepts natural language sentences as input, then allows the user to ask questions against that input.  Deduce attempts to answer questions using logical deduction techniques.
deduced	Deduced is used to edit and generate model classes. It also provides tools to implement code deduction patterns. It also simplifies data exchange and persistance.
dedup	A generic Deduplication engine to find duplicates in a dataset.
dedupe	The project will be looking at data (the intention is to begin looking at customer name/address data but this may widen over time) and ways to intelligently detect duplicates using fuzzy matching methods and algorithms.
deduplicator	The DeDuplicator is an add-on module (plug-in) for the web crawler Heritrix. It offers a means to reduce the amount of duplicate data collected in a series of snapshot crawls.
dedx	This is an f90 implementation of the Brown, Preston, and\nSingleton (BPS) stopping power.\n\n1. L.S. Brown, D.L. Preston, and R.L. Singleton Jr., \n&quot;Charged Particle Motion in a Highly Ionized Plasma,&quot; \nPhys. Rep. 410/4 (2005) 237; arXiv:physics/05
dee	DEE Excellent Editor is a simple source code editor whit syntax highlighting for many languages with a file browser panel to quickly select files. DEE can open files from the local system or directly from an ftp server.
dee-python	An implementation of a truly relational database language with Python. Inspired by Date and Darwen&#039;s &#039;Third Manifesto&#039;.
deebee	Deebee is a concurrent database, designed to be fast, but not as reliable as larger db&#039;s.
deegdk	deeSDK is a game development kit for developing strategy turn based games in java. Will provide support for graphics, unit management and AI.
deegree	deegree is a java framework for geospatial software based on the specifications of the OpenGIS Consortium and the ISO. The focus is based on the realisation of OGC specified web services. it is developed in cooperation between lat/lon and the Uni of Bonn
deejay	The DeeJay game engine is an engine modeled after the Open Inventor toolkit.  It is modified especially for games, and so it\\\\\\&#039;s features are more well suited to high-speed, real-time game environments.
deep-view	Full featured GUI filebrowser that uses libftp and libimg written in tcl/tk that can access ftp servers, browse local files, create image galleries, understands many file formats, the configuration is done in gui. It can be set to start aditional progs.
deeparc	DeepArc is a graphical editor which allow users to map a relational data model to an XML Schema and export the database content into an XML document.
deepblue	Generates source code (in multiple .Net based languages) directly from a design document and vice versa. Also, converts existing s/w from one .Net based language to another. Uses existing open source compilers and code generators to achieve this.
deepbreathdb	A simple database, Deep Breath DB, without all the hassle.
deepdiver	DeepDiver is a Windows file managing application. It allow to search based on it&#039;s date created, date modified, file size, file atrribute and even it&#039;s CRC. DeepDiver also can save file characteristics in it&#039;s own database.
deepduke	A Java Chess Engine supporting XBoard and OCI protocols. It is implemented using algorithms such as MinMax and AlphaBeta-Pruning searches.
deepemailminer	The Deep Email Miner Application is a software solution for the multistaged analysis of an Email Corpus. Social network analysis and text mining techniques are connected to enable an in depth view into the underlying information.
deephelpdesk	Helpdesk web base written in ASP for SQL Server
deepj	The integration of the VM on most OS is not very deep: It sits on top of the OS, running as a simple app, and does not access most features of the OS. This project&#039;s aim is to deeply integrate with the OS to facilitate many services.
deeplayer3d	A space sim game engine project, using Ogre3D for rendering, libnoise for galaxy, system, planet, city, npc generation; the goal is seamless transitioning between space flight, atmospheric flight and ground walking, and high frame rate, of course...
deepofix	The deepOfix Mail Server makes it possible for organisations with minimal technical expertise to have robust server infrastructure. It offers unprecented ease of use, doesn&#039;t require prior GNU/Linux experience and is backed by a full-time support te
deeppocket	&quot;Deep Pocket&quot; is software for EC site construction developed by using PHP, Mojavi, PEAR, and Smarty. It offers the common function part on EC site. You can enhance the function by adding a new module.
deepseaoffice	DeepSeaOffice is a complete software package for use on board deep sea merchant vessels. It will include crew lists, ISM administration and ISPS administration amongst lots of other functions.
deepsix	Deep Six is a client side spam filtering tool that monitors your inbox for new email and filters it.  The modular filter plugin-system allows for greater spam detection.  Currently supports SpamBouncer, Vipul&#039;s Razor and DCC.
deepspace	GNU General Public License (GPL)
deepwood	Deepwood is an attempt to create a single player cRPG with 3D graphics and a massive living world including roaming NPCs, an open storyline and many cities/towns/dungeons/monsters/treasures.
deer	Deer - Template Engine is template engine for PHP web pages. Needs PHP5 for work. The goal of project is to be most used template engine as php extension. Has support for variables, conditions, dynamic blocks, etc. It`s fully commented for PHPDocumentor.
deesee	DeeSee is multi-platform, open source direct connect client.
deesel	Deesel is a programming language for the Java platform which provides a modern host language and a framework for adding Domain Specific Languages.
deevolve	Implementation of platform for the exchange of peer-services. Those services differ in thier nature and their purpose. It is meant to offer all conviences of the web service combined with the flexibility of the peer2peer networks.
deface-no-tnx	deface-no-tnx is an anti-defacement system that monitors your Web files and notifies you about unallowed changes. It also replaces the defaced page with a standard &quot;error&quot; page, so that no offensive/joking content can be frauodolently added to 
defangadmin	DefangAdmin is a web-based interface in PHP for MIMEDefang+SA+Sendmail. Ideal for web hosting companies and ISPs to use MIMEDefang+SA to quarantine spam and send a daily HTML report to end-users who can then sort their spam using web-based interface.
defaultrps	Default guild custom tailored raid attendance/loot tracking system.
defcon1	Defcon-1 is a security tool to test the strength and security of your PC or your website.
defcon5	Defcon 5 is designed to help get you started using firewalls on linux. Basic script that sets up NAT, IPTABLES and logging to provide a medium level of security. Well documeted for those that learn by example.
defconfigman	DefconfigManager is too to generate consistent Linux Kernel defconfig for different architectures and machines. It is based Kconfiglib, Python library to parse Kconfig&#039;s and defconfigs.
defectcontrol	Change request tracking system designed to manage product defects, bugs and enhancement requests, to help users effectively manage change throughout the software development lifecycle.
defector	Eclipse defect tracking plugin, providing Bugzilla support, and support for reporting Eclipse defects. Provides extension points for new future defect tracking systems.
defectspy	DefectSpy is a tool that allows non-interactive debugging of Java applications.
defectsync	DefectSYNC is a program that allows to synchronize Defects between Rational ClearQuest and Microsoft Project.
defender	Defender is a Warcraft/Settlers-alike-strategy game. It is developed with SDL. The goal is to create a game with role-playing and strategy elements.
defendguin	A Linux-themed &#039;Defender&#039; clone.  Fly your spaceship over the landscape shooting down aliens, and protecting Penguinoids from being abducted and mutated!
defense	Defense is a regression &amp; automation framework for large open source projects. With its organizational approach, it rallies the community to defense against the problems that lurks in massive amounts of code.
defensor	DC is an application for managing the offices of the town Ombudsperson.It registers the complaints reported by citizens.They can follow the procedure of their complaints, access to their own data or report further complaints.
defero	A chat client for daily use at school, work, home or wherever you like to!
defikub	Defikub is a puzzle game in which you have to put mobile objects on targets.
define3d	Define3D, a powerful game engine in-the-rising that lets you create your own game with simple coding, thus allowing you to focus on quality.
definosaur	Definosaur is a php/mysql based dictionary subsystem with functionality similar to that available in various online dictionaries.  It also has community functions that allow user submissions and voting on definitions similar to the type of features found
defkon	The development of Defkon 17, a Realtime Strategy game, originally from PCX Brothers, now under the GPL!
deflectrix	Fast action advanced air hockey pong hybrid. Paddles are equipped with missiles that may deflect the balls. High coordination and concentration required with huge potential for mastery. One or two player local or network mode.
defm	OpenGL File Manager
defoe	Folio is an XSL Formatting Objects renderer. Written to Java 5, it aims at full conformance with XSL 1.0 and subsequent versions. Initial target renderer is PDF. HyFo is the Folio stand-alone hyphenation package.
deforex	Determinated Forex.Development of game strategies for Forex markets and future  markets by definition of the causal moments of market movements.For definition of the determined movement of the market we offer to use as the basic  methodology of the coord
defrost2	DEfrost2 is a toolkit for building dynamic web sites.  It functions entirely on the client-side (being written in JavaScript) and is fully cross-browser compatible.  Architecture and appearance are handled by DEfrost2.
deft	Deft combines declarative concepts of SQL with all of Perl&#039;s features. Includes the Deft templating system which 100% HTML complaint and still easy to use for the template developer. Deft is capable of parallel processing across multiple workstation
deft-linux	DEFT, &quot;Digital Evidence &amp; Forensics ToolKit&quot;, a Computer Forensic Live CD
deftcom	A web-based system to enable same-day courier companies to; recieve orders, dispatch &amp; track deliveries (including GPS tracking &amp; sending of PODs) using mobile devices, provide invoices &amp; account information to customers, and accept payments.
deftr	A utility to manage packages of many different kinds from many different sources. \nTypes: .deb, .rpm, source .tar.gz\nSources: file, apt
deftwidgets	Agile development process inspired collection of Mac OS X (Tiger) Dashboard Widgets that aim to provide agile teams and customers instant access to information &amp; execute common tasks historically accomplished by having to open disparate applications.
defuddle	Defuddle is a data translation/extraction engine that supports mapping arbitrary ASCII and binary file formats to a data model defined in XML Schema using the XML-based Data Format Description Language (DFDL, forge.gridforum.org/projects/dfdl-wg/).
defx	DeFX is a multi-effects processor for XMMS which allows various effects including Karaoke, Panning, Flanger, Phaser, Chorus, and Reverb to be used on XMMS audio. These can be activated simultaneously through a nice GTK control panel.
degaloma	Static analysis tool for C &amp; C++ source code. Object browser, source viewer and preprocess demistificator. Dependecy solver and hierarchy ilustrator.
degamed	Degamed will be a First-Person-Shooter / MMO, with very customizable gameplay and game content. DG will be 90% P2P, instead of a server/client based framework, and will be programmed in OpenGL/SDL/C++.
degas	Discrete Event Gnu Advanced Scheduling for plug-in replacement of pthread compatible applications. Generates deterministic execution runs suitable for discrete event simulations and formal verification.
degu	Degu is a distributed, linguistic indexing- and search engine based on J2EE.
dehacha	A perl script to join files splitted with the &quot;hacha&quot; program.
dehesa	This project contains several libraries written in Fortan 77, Matlab and C++, pertinent to computational fluid dynamics, boundary element methods, finite and spectral element methods, numerical methods, and C++ programming in science and engineering.
deice	Deice is a game based on the 1998 Playstation cult hit Devil Dice, published by THQ.  It is a challenging, time-based, three-dimensional puzzle game.  It uses OpenGL and SDL, aims to be cross-platform compatible.
deidrilmud	This is a C++ Multi User Dungeon ( MUD ) codebase. It uses a MySql server as data engine. It is a text based game. Works under Windows and Linux.
deimoscp	DeimosCP is a unix posix control panel to manage services hosted on your system.
deimosproject	The Deimos Project is a Java-based 3D space combat simulator and game development library collection. Includes Vertex Modeler, a 3D modeler that lets you programatically define models using Java source code. The modeler is a simple scene graph API, too.
deinonychus	Deinonychus is an email client written in Java featuring a GUI built with SWT.  Supports MIME, Hotmail access, IMAP access, POP access, and SMTP.
deinterlace	An application that does scaling/deinterlacing/inverse telecine using a high powered PC and a bt8x8 TV capture card.  Essentially, this software converts a PC into a good-quality line doubler/scaler/upconverter machine!
deity	Deity (pronounced &quot;DEE-ity&quot;) is a GameMaster (i.e. role-playing) utility. It has a large generic component plus modules to refine it for different game systems (e.g. HarnMaster, HERO, AD&amp;D) and to simulate weather, combat, character generat
deja-vu	DejaVu is a personal reminding application. You can add certain notes (with details) which are to expire on a specific date. When it expires, it shows a notification, including an optional sound - each priority it&#039;s own sound. Systray support includ
dejackiv	Progetto dejackiv in fase di pianificazione
dejahelp	A simple DejaGnu example test suite to teach DejaGnu fundamentals through hands on experience.
dejalinux	Le projet DejaLinux vise la cr?ation d&#039;un live-cd professionnel
dejarik	Dejarik Holochess Game from Star Wars Episode IV
dejavoodoo	GUI frontend to the dejanews usenet database written in JAVA. As dejanews has been bought by google, this tool is no longer maintaned.
dejavu	The DejaVu fonts are a font family based on the Bitstream Vera Fonts. Its purpose is to provide a wider range of characters while maintaining the original look and feel.
dejavue	Deja Vue is a space, where users can record their mouse movements with a magic of particles to the GlobalMind. The Client is able to switch to GlobalMind and play random records, recorded of many users. Creativity unlimited, this is where IT meets Art
dek	The Desktop Environment For Kids is a kid friendly environment for UNIX/Linux, complete with kid oriented desktop themes and desk accesories.
dekalb	This project will provide the basic framework for a 2d overhead perspective driving game.  It will be customizeable with different maps and cars.  Language: Java
dekiwiki	MindTouch DekiWiki is the first OSI-approved commercial open source wiki. MindTouch Dream is a RESTful distributed application framework. For developer documentation and forums: www.OpenGarden.org. For commercial products: www.MindTouch.com.
dekstasy	DeKstasy is a DJ application for Mac OS X. It provides automatic beat-finding and seamless beat-locked playback of up to four tracks simultaneously, contains a built-in mixer, and is so rock-solid you won&#039;t believe it&#039;s free software.
dekware	Pure object based operating environment, script language, shell, loads plugins to extend functionality, it&#039;s a MUD gone awry.
delana	Visual Basic.NET / SQL Server or MSDE Intranet Application: Features include: Document &amp; File Management, Employee Directory, Project &amp; Task Management, Client Login Area, Client Approval Process, News and Content Management System.
delaware	A relational contact management system capable describing most corporate structures (companies, offices, departments, employees, etc.) in a robust manner. Intended to be easily plugged into any C++ project and used with well-known databases.
delaycalc	delaycalc is a console-based application used to calculate delay times for digital delay processors that will match the tempo of music in bpm.
delayed-mailer	Delayed Mailer is a client for sending an email at a preslected time. e.g, if you are sick and didn&#039;t want to get up the next morning to send an email to work, you can run Delayed Mailer and it will send one out at the time you choose so you can sle
delc	A client to connect to the Direct Connect (DC++) file-sharing network written in Delphi and designed with new users in mind.
delcom	Linux kernel modules and user-land programs for Delcom USB devices.
delcom-usbio	Linux kernel mode driver for Delcom USB I/O board:\nhttp://www.delcom-eng.com/productdetails.asp?productnum=802004
delegado	A typesafe callback library for C++ inspired by C# delegates and events.
delegator	Delegator brings support for object oriented delegation to the Java language. It allows one to generate dynamic proxies for interfaces and dynamic subclasses for classes, that delegate to handlers.  The handlers implement well known delegation patterns.
delete-em	Delete&#039;Em is a java based tool that offers easy, intuitive, fast &amp; permanent File+Directory deletion.\n\nDelete&#039;Em is also deceptively powerful, allowing forced removal of locked files or viruses -scheduled &amp; permanetly deleted on system 
deletebadfiles	A command line utility written in Visual Basic to assist system administrators at institutions such as schools to minimise the use and storage of inappropriate material in Server shares.  User-definable rules for file deletion can be created.
deletedupes	DeleteDupes does what the name suggests. It recursively searches thru a given directory, compares files throughout the tree, and deletes the duplicates. This is a VB.NET program.
deletentservice	Windows Application to select and delete a Windows NT / 2000 service from amongst the installed services.
deleter	New version of the Deleter - program with freindly Graphic User Interface for automation of files deleting, is convenient for any cleaning, - can also remove NOT empty folders.
delfilelock	DelFileLock is a Win32-only Software and tries to delete or only unlock a file, which is still used and locked by another process. Normal deletes do not work, because of window&#039;s generated filesystem-errors.
delfiweb	The framework tools is developed for easy start Rich Internet Application and give you a visual interface. You can see an example : http://www.delfiweb.com/ Some details : http://osflash.org/projects/framework_delfiweb
delfos	Delfos is a network of Artificial Intelligence agents that collect data from Internet and is able to take decisions and answer questions based on the data that has been stored previously.\n\nThe structure of the network is Pr2Pr (program to program).
delhia	Delhia - Gestion des appareils de levage
deli-aac	AAC and MP4 plugin for DeliPlayer. Uses the FAAD decode engine.
delicious-java	delicious-java is a Java API for interacting with the del.icio.us social bookmarks service.
delicious-sync	This small tool synchronizes between del.icio.us and local IE favorites.
deliciousbackup	A shell script to automate backup of del.icio.us bookmark.
deliciousdotnet	This project is a .Net class library wrapping the del.icio.us published API.
delicishow	DeliciShow is a usefull web interface used to show to your friends your delicious library
delicon	DELI provides an API to allow Java servlets to determine the delivery context of a client device using CC/PP or UAProf.
delien	The Aliens(tm) are about to conquer the earth. In this game, it is your turn in defending the humans from the alien lander ships. While being simple and clean, Delien focusses on being a visually appealing and fun to play little sidescroller.
delife	Simple virtual life system based on corewars.
deliminateddata	Takes a deliminated list and inserts data into a table. Put file in public area. Open in browser. Enter Database information. And go.
delimmatch	DelimMatch matches delimited, properly nested substrings
delineate	Delineate is a tool for converting raster images to SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics) using AutoTrace or potrace. It loads images using JIU and displays results using Batik. Input formats are JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP, TIFF, PNM, PBM, PGM, PPM, IFF, PCD, PSD, RAS
delinkious	Delinkious automates the creation of blog linkposts from bookmarks saved at del.icio.us.
deliria	The game will be a 3d game mostly set in an arbitrary 2d manifold of space. It is developed using OpenGL for win,linux, mac.
delirium	Scripting language for development of CYOA (multiple choice text-based games). Both language and platform independent.
delirium-kit	This framework is written in javascript languaje using the Ajax concept.\nThe objective of this framework is to speed up the web development and generate rich-web applications based on te WEB 2.0 concept.
delirium-saver	Delirium is a screensaver control and configuration utility for RISC OS.
deliriumfwork	The Delirium Framework is a set of tools and a very high level library to help to create 2D games and related tools, saving time by using a very object oriented design and lots of modularization, as well as a very complete exception scheme.
delitedb	DELite(Database Support for Embedded Lightweight Devices) is a DBMS developed for handheld devices. It is written in C, runs on Linux, offers many SQL features. (for details: see Home Page).
delive	deLive is a PHP-Script for live-coverage of sport events
deliver	Deliver is a local mail delivery program.  It makes a fine adjunct to your mail transport of choice (sendmail, qmail, exim, etc.).
deliverer	This software is written in Java. It represents a product buying and delevering scenario where the client via a web site can place an order and the company will track this order and coordinate the workflow on each store.
delivery-boy	A client/server based file-sharing software for sharing files, written in C#. The software uses data encryption and a new method of sharing files. Check out the web page to find out more.
deliveryboy	Delivery Boy is a a web-based file delivery system that provides an easy way for people to upload and download files without using FTP. It&#039;s very simple and suitable for novice users. A templating system to allow for integration into an existing sit
dellearneditor	This is an edtor project only created for learning Delphi. What comes out, we don&#039;t now at this time...
delmail	A pop email tool similar to popcorn, mainly designed to delete mail from the server without downloading but can read &amp; send mail too, can retrieve partial messages (to exclude attachments), stays connected to the server until you choose to disconnect
delold	DELOLD is a command line tool used to delete old files with a create date older then a set amount of days. It can do verbose and rescursive with any path given. Perfect for Scheduled and/or batch file jobs.
delos	J2EE based development framework/environment for building personalized applications for the Desktop, the Web and other communication channels (e-mail messaging, wireless devices, etc.).
delpglos	The goal of DelpGlos is to create a smal and fast word training program using the Delphi programing language.\n\nMålet med DelpGlos är att skapa ett litet och snabbt glosträningsprogram i språket Delphi
delphadelete1	This is DeltaDelete, a program that you use when you want to delete something. But DeltaDelete doesn&#039;t do just that -- it compresses it and backs it up, in case you ever want it back!!! Donations Please :)
delphamp	Delphamp is an Open Source media player developped in Delphi. It is becoming a Winamp clone, you already can use Winamp skins. And it has most of stuff which you can find in Winamp, for example playlist editor, spectrum, ...
delphi	Museum collection browser.
delphi-coll	Delphi Collections is the kind of library that exists in other OO languages but is strangely missing from Delphi: a library of standard collection types.  Complete with help files.
delphi-conduits	The Delphi Palm Conduit Library provides a library for simplifying the development of Palm conduits using Borland Delphi 4 - 7. It provides a simplified mechanism for creating the conduit DLLs and manipulating Palm tables
delphi-db-or	Delphi DBObjectRoller is a tool which will generate one class for each table in\na database.  The objects instanciated from these classes will have properties which mirror the fields in the underlying DB tables, and know how to send updates\nback to the DB
delphi-dx9sdk	Delphi DirectX 9 SDK
delphi-ftp	FTP-Client, coded in Delphi.
delphi-master	This project is a MasterMind-game for Windows which is programmed in Borland Delphi. Its AI (ArtificialIntelligence) uses a nearly-optimal strategy to find out the right code in as few as possible turns.
delphi-panther	Panther is an extended raster-graphics editor written in Borland Delphi.
delphi2csharp	Converts non-visual Delphi (Object Pascal) source code units to equivalent C# code.
delphiasiovst	Packages to use ASIO and VST within Delphi.
delphiblue	&quot;Delphi Blue&quot; is an open source, Java/JSP implementation of the Delphi process for group decision making.  It supports creation and editing of decision matrices which reflect group consensus.
delphibt	BitTorrent is a good software. However, it is written in Python which is not familiar to most programmer, do u wanna rewrite it to Delphi component? If yes, come on, go to join us.
delphicrt	The Delphi Crt unit is your source for a nearly complete and compatible unit for porting older Turbo/Borland Pascal projects to Borland Delphi. The unit implements nearly every feature of Borland&#039;s original Crt unit included with their MS-DOS compil
delphidbx	Library for parsing Outlook Express v &gt;= 5.5 email databases for Delphi. It allows to read folder structure, list of mail messages and get messages.
delphidoc	Automatic generation of documentation on Delphi projects from source code. Distinctive features are exact parsing gathering lots of information and a division of the parser and the configurable generators (HTML, Win- &amp; HTML Help, LaTeX, PDF, XMI expo
delphidom	Support the DOM object model using delphi code, the sources are based on Free Pascal XML units
delphiforumsarc	Delphi Forums Archiver - A tool that allows you to download a whole forum from www.delphiforums.com for offline browsing. Runs under Windows 98/ME/2000/XP.. with the .NET Framework installed.
delphigoogle	This tool is for parse the complex delphi project and generate the graphics output of class inter-relationship layout. When you start maintain the delphi project use this tool to understand the system structure.
delphihistclean	Open source Delphi 5-2006 IDE plugin for project/file history cleanning
delphiical	a non-visual delphi component to read/write iCal(ics) files.
delphimethod	A project to develop a web-based tool to run Delphi method studies.  The project is primarily written in PHP using MySQL as a backend.
delphimodbus	We are developing a set of Delphi components to communicate with a ModBus PLC over TCP/IP. The library will provide components to implement both a ModBus master and a Modbus slave, and will be based on the Indy component set.
delphimpeg	Delphi port of &quot;maplay&quot; version 1.2. Play mpeg audio from your Delphi project without any external libraries or DLLs.
delphimud	A Graphical Mud written in Delphi. IsoMetric view, using the IsoEngine of the JEDI-IsoAxEE (also located at sourceforge). Future plans are to port it to Kylix (Borland&#039;s new Linux compiler) and thereby have Linux as well.
delphimultilang	This is a delphi internationalization project.You can translate your existing one language project to as many language as you want.The program change your code.After it you only need to modify the language text file.
delphine	DelphineOS is a  &quot;unix-like&quot; OS designed for i386 processors and higher. It uses 32bits, protected mode, multitasking, virtual memory... The source code is written in PASCAL. If you want to HELP us, send e-mail to g_cavelier@yahoo.fr
delphineroapi	A port for Delphi of the Nero API for burning CD-R, CD-RW, DVD-R, DVD+R, DVD-RW, DVD+RW and DVD-RAM among others. The API needs a licence for redistribution of Nero Burning ROM libraries or the program installed on the machine.
delphinet	Delphi.NET is a collection of Open Source tools and code components that enable Borland Delphi (version 5 or higher) to communicate with the Microsoft .NET-Framework.
delphinet2cs	This source code converter translates Delphi.net code into C# code.
delphiprocess	This is an application that translates from Delphi to Kylix and precompiles the source code files. It translates units  in the &quot;uses&quot; clauses and creates separated files with the precompiled version.
delphisci	Components to make it easy to use the Scintilla Project (Syntax highlightning editor control) with Delphi/C++ Builder, define your own languages including styles/keywords etc. which are based on the (50+) lexers in SciLexer.Dll. Autocomplete etc.
delphisvn	Subversion plugin for Borland Delphi
delphisweeper	Imitation of the classic Minesweeper game, written in Delphi.
delphito	The program converts a source code of projects Delphi 2006 in format HTML/CSS, standard styles are built in, it is possible to create the styles, and also automatic creation of archives zip or 7z for start and/or compilation, upx supported.
delphitools	Tools for users that have connect to external device throught RS232 port.\n1. comport component, help to connect throught RS232 port easyl \n2. database tool, which users can export data from a db grid to MS Excel - userful when build reports...
delphitwain	Implements most of twain features for Object Pascal.
delphitype	DelphiType is a port of the well known software font engine FreeType 2 to Object Pascal. DelphiType can also be used to build font services and can do text layout or graphics processing (e.g. colored text rendering, &quot;hollowing&quot;, etc..).
delphivnc	Delphi components to support VNC application development.
delphiwab	A Delphi Component development project for accessing Windows Address Book, a popular feature coming with Microsoft Operating System, supports the convenient use to store contact information and also can be integrated with programs like Outlook Express.
delphiwebdev	This project houses source code for web development in Delphi.  The units include common functions and components that can be used in a variety of development projects.  Units and Components apply to: Delphi 5, Delphi 6, MIDAS, Interbase, BizSnap, WebSna
delphiwebstart	DelphiWebStart (DWS) is an Application Loader with TCP Sockets based on a Small Client which is first spread over the Web, VPN or Intranet. Then a user can load data (exes, maps etc.) from a simple list.
delphiwizard	Programa assistente para gerar programas de manutenção de bases de dados (interbase/firebird) utitizando delphi e componentes ZEOS
delphiworks	DelphiWorks ist eine OpenSource-Bibliothek verschiedener Units ( nach Themen strukturiert ) f?r Borland Delphi.
delphixml-rpc	XML-RPC for Delphi is a library used on the server or client side of an XML-RPC communication. It is designed to compile under Delphi for Windows and Kylix for GNU/Linux. XML-RPC for Delphi requires the Open Source Indy components be installed.
delphixref	DelphiXRef is a Borland Delphi project which allows users to analyse the unit cross-referencies / -dependings for their own Delphi / Pascal projects. DelphiXRef will help answering questions like &quot;Why is the unit XY linked into my project?&quot;.
delphorm	Web application to spread web based surveys.
delta	A source code diff tool. Adapted from cvsweb, it makes code inspection easy. It also provides another diff tool with which you can either compare two files or two directories recursively. It is written in perl and uses String::Ediff for finer diff.
delta-boards	Delta Boards was a PHP board that aimed for accessibility and simplicity. It has been replaced by JeroBB which can be found at http://bb.jero.net/.
delta-gdk	Delta is a cross-platform game development kit, extended using plug-in modules. It primarily provides 3d rendering, but also provides classes for sound, input, etc. Currently only X-Windows/OpenGL support is available, the project being at pre-alpha stag
delta-jisc	This project is developing a managed system, which allows distributed e-learning resources to be submitted, searched and retrieved, based on standardized meta-data.
delta3d	The Delta3D Engine is an Open Source product used as a backbone for games and simulations.  Delta3D integrates other freely available libraries to provide a high-level API with full functionality.
delta3d-extras	The Delta3D-Extras project is a companion to the Delta3D Game Engine.  This project contains extra components, tools, and other goodies which can be used to enhance the Delta3D Engine.  These projects are supported solely by the user community.
deltaclone	DeltaClone - incremental data backup application.
deltacode	A cross platform, client/server version control system (VCS).  Delta code is intended to be a replacement for CVS in small to midsize projects.  The Delta Code client emphasizes usability and should be intuitive even to persons who have never used a VCS 
deltacompositor	Delta Compositor is a High end movie compositing and special effects package. It is in very early development. A script-based version is now available. A GUI is currently in planning and development.
deltadown	Deltadown provides a way of distributing file updates to users using minimum bandwidth by using delta compression. The program will access an Tomcat server running Axis with a MySQL backend.  The client will be written in Java, but anything could be used
deltagb	this project is inactive. please look to the new project &quot;webtoolbox&quot;
deltaircd	A ircu2.10.11 version modifyed for deltanet.ro network , with some new features like +O ( opers only ) mode for channels , V:lines (virtual _fake_ hosts) and some others
deltamp	Delta Media Player is a program that run on carPc with GNU/Linux installed. It is written to run with touchscreen monitors. DMP can reproduce and organize mp3 files and audio-cd. It is easily skinnable, so the users can make their own skins.
deltamud	DeltaMUD is a multi-user dungeon (MUD) gaming server based on CircleMUD which has been enhanced with many programming additions and SQL support. The software now includes many memory and stability enhancements, as well as many additional gameplay options
deltastat	defunct
deltastream	DeltaStream is a backup and synchronization software product which makes it fast and easy for individual home and small business users to protect their documents, pictures, and other critical data files.
deltax	Delta X will be a hang glider simulator based on the OGRE Engine.
deltup	This is a source delta update program which allows you to patch compressed tarballs and retain the original MD5sum.  Very much like diff/patch.
deluge	Web site load tester.  Simulates multiple user types and counts.  Includes proxy server for recording playback scripts, and log evaluator for generating result statistics.
deluge-torrent	Deluge is a bittorrent client for Linux written in Python and GTK+.  It uses libtorrent as a backend, and aims to bring a full-featured torrent client to Linux desktops.
delusive	The Delusive Framework is an ongoing development of an easily maintainable and extensible PHP web collaboration tool and content management system.
dem	An open source micropayment system based on XML, OpenPGP and SSL. The name &quot;Digital Money&quot; (DM) is reminiscent of the German Mark (Deutsche Mark, DEM, DM) which has been replaced by the Euro.
dem-erp	Framework to easily developing ERP solutions developed in pure Python &amp; GTK/wxwidgets as GUI\nIt includes the core modules, demo modules, utilities and procedures to generate and manage DeM modules.
dem2video	dem2video is a hyperfast standalone console converter between Quake demos and video streams. It&#039;s based on Quake source code.
demae	DEMAE is a &quot;yet another&quot; mpg123/ogg123/sox frontend, using Gtk2 as its toolkit. It can hold multiple playlists at the same time, and has seekbar. Also, DEMAE supports reading oggvorbis and ID3v2 tags.
demailer	It&#039;s a mix of PERL join page form and processing that you can put on your website than get information about your customers and an E-Mailer program written in Visual Basic 6 that you can send email to your customers and see statistics.
demaker	diary.ru entrymaker (dEMaker / dEM) - ????????????? ?????? http://www.diary.ru. dEMaker ?? ????? ?????????, ?? ?? ?????? ? ?????, ??? http://diary.ru/client/ :)
demanalyser	DemAnalyser - a software for automated analysis of digital elevation models
demandit	Demand It, MP3 Server is a full featured on demand mp3 streaming server.  It catalogs all the mp3 in the server and provides a searchable front end for users for access the the mp3s. It includes search, browse and custom playlists.
deme	Deme is a web-based deliberation and groupware tool for discussions, document collaboration, voting, and task/project management, to allow groups of people to deliberate and make decisions in an online asynchronous environment. See http://groupspace.org
demeos	Denux MenuetOS is a distribution of MenuetOS http://menuetos.org it includes a custom hybrid kernel branch known as dhk (denux hybrid kernel) and applications not included in any other MenuetOS distro, this distro is available for Floppy disks and CD-ROM
demet-edunet	Integrated e-learning platform and content management system, with support for teaching and learning, for tests and evaluations, for managing the educational content, for monitoring the educational system and creating the curricula.
demeter	A cross-platform terrain rendering engine that uses advanced techniques such as dynamic tessellation to render complex landscapes at high frame rates. Suitable for use in games, engineering, simulation, etc.
demetercop	This Eclipse plugin will enforce the Law of Demeter by re-engineering Java code and providing a variety of solutions to these violations.
demetrius	Catalog software for a personal library. Integrates with ISBNdb for lookup of metadata. Data-driven application using SWT and JFace Data Binding; EJB3-based data access layer to allow alternative servlet implementation.
demetrix	Demetrix is a Java-based process modelling system. The goal of the project is to develop a flexible framework for managing complex process models using Petri-Net-oriented methodologies (state-task networks and resource-task networks).
demfir	This program can use some of ZX Spectum emulator files (.sna, .z80, .tap, .tzx) on real ZX Spectrum with IDE interface. It reads these files from ISO9660 filesystem. Snapshots are directly loaded and runned, tap/tzx files are emulated like standard tape.
demi3d	Demi3D is a multi-platform extensible 3D Rendering Engine under the zlib license.
demiblog	DemiBlog is part blog engine, part content management system, part photo gallery and part message board. It supports MySQL and PostgreSQL backends, and outputs valid HTML 4 or XHTML 1.x. It&#039;s written in PHP 5.x, and aimed at the advanced user.
demichef	demiCHEF is an open source recipe management system for catering and restaurant businesses. Cost calculations are performed and Order lists can be generated .
demidemazeta	Moving the cursor straight, especially in presentations or similar things, is something difficult to do. This Program helps you to do that. With an easy script language you can control the Cursor over the entire screen.
demigod	Demigod: The Awakening is in development to be released as an Open Source 3D Role Playing Game, with free online play.
demilink	DemiLink is a data abstraction layer intended to allow for centralized processing of common data manipulation tasks. Complex transformations can be performed by chaining simple ones together, and new transformation types are easily added.
demime	demime - a filter that converts e-mail to plain text, removing all mime except for a single text/plain section. Optionally, advertising signatures are removed as well.
demios	A hard disc recorder program for your desktop. It can record from analog TV cards using mencoder as backend. It integrates nicely into your GNOME desktop.
demirc	Internet Relay Chat Client.
demise-cryptor	Demise Data File Encrypter/Decrypter. Apply encryption/decryption to Demise Data Files via interactive interface or right click in Windows Explorer. (Braindead Edit: sorry guys I have temporarily removed the downloads upon request)
demitrius	Xenei.Demitrius will be a complete knowledge base application system. The client will contain a local database and may connect to one or more Demitrius servers. Servers are implemented in Java as Xenei.ImagoX Extensions. Security is role-based.
demlinks	An environment where everything can be kept in an interconnected way ...dependencies, parallel serials, multiple layers/levels - trees.
demmap	Reading and Visualization of GTOPO30 data, provided by EROS Data Center.
demo-effects	The Demo Effects Collection is a collection of multimedia demo effects which is intended to cover the demo scene starting in the early eighties till today
demobuilder	This project is focused on building a Java-based demo builder that may be used to demo products, tutorials or any slide-ware with video/audio annotations like ViewletBuilder, RoboDemo, etc.
democracy	Direct Democracy is an attempt to develop a web based infrastructure to provide direct democratic contribution by diverse and disconnected members.
democracynow	to let people verify different political parties and find the closest match.
democrakey	The DemocraKey is a portable privacy suite to ensure your security and anonyminity on while browsing the internet. No more viruses from browsing the web. Just install to a USB Key or an iPod, and you&#039;re ready to start surfing secure.
democratictunes	dTunes is a Server-Client Jukebox. The server counts the votes and plays the voted songs, the clients can vote for songs from a db. Songs can either be Video or Audio files.
demogis	This is a demo for GIS application that is using RDPGIS-K (Japan) data. You can change GIS data &amp; improve printing function to meet your needs &amp; contribute to make application more general, flexible architechture.
demogl	OpenGL Based, C++, Win32 execution platform for your audiovisual effects. It allows you to develop standalone executables or screensavers (win32). Just program the graphical effects as objects and schedule them using an easy script.
demoguardfree	DemoGuard Free will be an opensource software / script application suite for software developers. DemoGuard Free will simplify the creation of web aware demo programs and web based / program based registration.
demolization	A strat game similar to Sid Meiers Civilization. Beware - far from complete
demonwire	Demonwire is a simple FTP Server application, with easy to use interface, self explanitory user icons, and a blazing fast enviornment. Make your personal computer an FTP server instantly, without the knowledge of UNIX.
demorf	a framework for distributed encoding and processing
demosys	Demosys (Development Monitoring System) is a web-based project monitoring tool. It?s specially focused on projects driven by business stories like XP (Extreme programming) and provides usefull metrics.
demotoolkit	DemoToolKit provides a framework to help coders in creating demos. It manages Sound and GFX and syncronization and provides a librairy of precoded special fx.
demotv	Democracy Player is a TV-like experience for viewing predelivered video on the Internet based on open protocols including RSS, BitTorrent, and HTTP. All development now takes place on PCF&#039;s development servers. https://develop.participatoryculture.o
demp	DEMP is a new messaging protocol underdevelopment.  The DEMP Speficiation will be tied to XML.  One goal of this project is that DEMP will provide a unified protocol replacement for IMAP, POP, and SMTP, in one single protocol.
demple	Demple is a DEMP proof-of-concept client/server application pair.  See the DEMP project for the complete specification of DEMP.  DEMP is a messaging protocol aimed to replace POP, IMAP, and SMTP.
dems	Data Entree solution for use gathering intellegence &quot;noise.&quot;  Facilitates simple upload to searchable data-warehouse.  Lightweight browser based searching system.
demul	Wind&#039;s DEmul project
demuter	Demuter is a cgi-script written in perl, useful to stream music over the internet. It has a userfriendly interface and several functions like bookmarks, searching, streaming of multiple audiofiles or directories etc.
den	An IDE which have a extendable core and a flexible, layer-based code editor. By default the application can be used as a simple ascii text editor but it can be easily changed to an IDE. The previous version of this tool was &#039;Freddy&#039; (freddy.sf.
denature	denature is a perl program to convert HTML files to PDF files. It does this through a transformation to XSL-FO which is then passed to the FOP program, from xml.apache.org.
dendrite	A neural network framework written in C++. The main focus is algorithms for training and evolving the architectures of feed-forward and recurrent networks. The framework contains classes for constructing and training neural networks.
dendrofire	Dendrochronology site primarily devoted fire history data. Work will include creating XML data format for fire history data exchange, DB schema for data storage, Java programs for data conversion and analysis and a website for data access.
dendron	Dendron the Gadu-Gadu server
deneb	spacebased sharded mmorpg game of ragtag conquest ;)
denebola	Denebola is a Java EE view template system, which works like DHTML in server-side. Javascript (and other scripting languages) is used to manipulate 100% pure (X)HTML templates via CSS2 Selector style element filters to produce data-driven web pages.
deneme	eMule DeNeMe Mod. - eMule Modding Project from Turkey
denemo	Denemo is a GUI musical score editor written in C/gtk+. It is intended primarily as a frontend to GNU Lilypond, but is adaptable to other computer-music-related purposes as well.
denet	This project will provide a single client application to access various internet based services including GnuTella, Email (POP3 and IMAP), Web Surfing, IRC, etc.
deng	Windows/Unix/Mac OS X source port of Doom, Heretic and Hexen. Lets you enjoy the original games using modern technology. Supports e.g. OpenGL, Direct3D, DirectSound3D, 3D models, unlimited framerate, high-resolution graphics, simulated radiosity.
deng-ng	deng-ng, is a fork of The Doomsday Engine, that is planned to be an incubator for more radical ideas and improvements before (if ever) they are implemented in deng.
dengmx	DENG is a modular class library written in OOP Actionscript 1, turning the Macromedia Flash Player 6 into a webbased, zero-install, cross browser/platform, modular and standards compliant XML/CSS2 browser.
dengo	dengo is a library that allows a programmer to inspect GObjects live in their program and perform a series of tests to check compliance to the GNOME HIG.
denialflickr	This is a dynamic flickr gallery, mashing phpflickr, and java lightbox to create a very usable and slick looking system to dynamiclly build a gallery on your server.
deninet	Here you&#039;ll find a variety of projects from Denizen Entertainment, you can find out more about our organization by visiting our website, http://www.deninet.com
denise	DeNiSe Modular Server, another DNS server with modular and extendable RR
denisling	WHSFramework is a DEV framework ( webwork + spring + hibernate )
denoncontrol	GUI for controlling a Denon AVR4806/5805 through its Ethernet interface.
denonline	A 2D Top-Down MMORPG framework for creating console style RPG games in a multiplayer environment with modern operating systems
denora	Denora is a set of Stats Services for IRC networks that allows irc network admins to get a complete and comprehensive overview of their irc network. Denora exports this information to MySQL, HTML XML and Flatfile databases. Denora is based upon the work
denormgen	Allows to create Normal Maps for the use in Game Applications or 3D Editors like Blender3D. Supported are the generation of Geometry Normal Maps (from Hi-Res Meshes), Displacement Maps and merging Detail Maps.
denoser	Denoser is a perl-based tool that filters out the &quot;noses&quot; (usually hyphens) from the ASCII &quot;smileys&quot; and &quot;emoticons&quot; frequently used in text-based communication (such as email and web fora). Aims for platform independence an
denovo	A Workflow Management Tool for Law Reviews
densea	densea is an livejournal client for qt/kde users.
densitymap	.net assembly that allow generation of colorized geographical map, depending of a value associated to each zone. It can be used to visualize density of population, clients, sales, etc. it ouputs a PNG file.
dent	Dent is a project focused upon network modeling and analysis tools. The project currently supports an OS X, Cocoa-based application and technologies based upon the Mozilla framework.
dentaku	Dentaku is a multiuser enterprise financial accounting system that is based on full utilization of J2EE development technologies.
dentalconverter	This goal of this project was originally to develop a general purpose extraction tool for data from multiple dental database types. Nothing ever came of it. The posted code is an old version of the Trixi tool which is at www.open-dent.com.
dentalmarq	Marquette University Dental School student scheduler
dentata	An standard J2EE aimed JSP/Servlet Framework for Web Content Managing
denteazul	DenteAzul is a BlackBerry Application to allows the use of BlackBerry&#039;s internet connection(GPRS) over bluetooth
dentinn	Dent-Inn es una aplicaci?n de gesti?n para cl?nicas dentales. Almacena los datos de los pacientes, dentigramas, citas y tratamientos, presupuestos, radiograf?as, informes, etc.
dentist	The Dentist is a project that aims at providing an easy-to-use gui that enables Bluetooth connectivity.  Some Bluetooth profiles will be included, such as Object Exchange (OBEX) Profile, Serial Port Profile (RFCOMM) and Personal Area Networking.
dents	dents is a server implementation of the Internet&#039;s Domain Name System with a focus on security, maintability and extensibility via modules.
denu	Denu is a program aimed at providing Gentoo Linux users with a menu generation program.  Currently working for fluxbox, openbox, gnome, waimea and kde.  It allows menu item masking, folder ordering and custom commands. Denu syncs to the web.
denvir	Denvir is an environment diagnostic library. It should be used by application start-up to check its requirements (for example the right JDK). If a problem occurs, Denvir will provide possible solutions to the end-user.
denwer	Denwer is a collection of often-used web-servers for web-programmers. It is used to debug web-sites under Win32. Denwer includes: friendly installer; Apache; PHP; MySQL; Perl; virtual host management system; phpMyAdmin; sendmail stub; start/stop manager.
deny-spammers	Deny-Spammers is a daemon that interfaces to the mail transfer agent and the firewall ruleset control program.  It uses a strategy based upon patterns that spammers produce to dynamically update the server&#039;s ingress rules.
denzosoft	Extended set of tools, libraries and applications for multimedia on Java enabled environments. Main projects are J2ME implementation of games, music and guitar applications for MIDP 1.0 platform: basic support utility library, Game Engine, MidiPlayer
deo	Outsourced document exchange platform, supporting communication on high level of abstraction B2C, B2B, EAI. The application is dedicated to process and document managment in open architecture based on ebXML specification with usage XML/XSD/XSLT/XSL:FO.
deodas	DEODAS designs &amp; analyzes consensus-degenerate oligonucleotide probes for biological research. DEODAS automatically designs and screens, probes against databases of known genes &amp; stores the information in a searchable database.
deofficer	Using a series of Regular Expressions this application scans web documents generated by Microsoft (TM) Office Products, and converts them to proper syntax.  This is done by checking cross checking legitimate HTML tags againts those in the generated doc..
deogeneration	This plugin replaces Winamps own Media Library with a new one. The plugin has a faster engine to update the database. It uses MySQL as the database.
dep-msnbot	The Next Generation Visual Basic MSN Bot from the creator of the popular IM Messiah, now with expanding usability and stability. Created to be easier to use and to accommodate Messengers new features such as Display Pictures, File Transfers etc.
depc	DePC is a small tool suite for automatically setting the Mac type &amp; creator codes of files, based on Finder settings &amp; their extension.  Includes a CLI app for scripting and power users, as well as a GUI app for easy configuration and use.
depdot	A command, depdot, for producing a graphviz dot description of library dependencies. This allows a developer to see what libraries depend on what other libraries by examining the symbols produced by the nm command.  depdot is independent of nm output.
dependable	dependable is a perl script that you (software author or package manager) distribute with your tarballs. It automatically downloads dependencies for your software from the web/FTP. This makes tarball installation much easier for your users.
dependometer	Java-based analysis tool for Java projects. Calculates metrics described by authors like Robert C. Martin, Craig Larman and John Lakos. Analyzes dependencies and detects cycles. Verifies the logical architecture against the physical implementation.
depfind	Extracts dependencies and OO metrics from Java class files produced by most Java compilers.  Computes API differences between versions.  No source needed.  Includes both Swing and command-line interfaces, with XSL stylesheets for formatting output.
depinit	A (mostly obsolete) `init&#039; program with dependencies, written in C. Can install in parallel with the existing `init&#039; (with a different name). Scripts may not work on your system (if you do download it, do what you can and please send me some fe
deplate	deplate is a tool for converting wiki-like markup to latex, docbook, html, or &quot;html-slides&quot;. It supports embedded LaTeX code, footnotes, citations, biblographies, automatic generation of an index etc.
deploy	Toolkit for the remote patches, hotfixes and software updates deployment over TCP networks for Windows and Unixes with features similar to Systems Management Server.
deployccm	System Software Management.\nDeploy Software in an not Active Directory Environment
deployer	Deployer is an Eclipse plug-in to deploy files in remote servers, using SSH. It&#039;s written in Java and released under the LGPL. It adds a Preferences page to the resources to set the deployment information, and a submenu with a Deploy action.
deployknecht	An Eclipse-Plugin to prepare and deploy eclipse java projects. It provides a project-dependent versioning layer(CVS) and generates Maven Project descriptions (project.xml)
deployment	Specifications, XML Schemas and test documents for the Global Grid Forum CDDLM working group: configuration, deployment and lifecycle management of grid services.
deployment-svr	disk images deployment server.
deploynav	DeployNav creates web-based application deployment diagrams using XML configuration files.
deployorganizer	Ruby On Rails program for housekeeping of software releases.
depluck	Depluck is a library for decoding Plucker documents. It may be used as a basis for readers that wish to support the plucker document format.
depmix	depmix is a package for the R statistical computing environment, to fit (multigroup) mixtures of latent Markov models on mixed categorical and continuous\n(timeseries) data
depnjeny	A Comprehensive Fixed Assets Register for Tax Effect Accounting (Australian Standards).  Web based Perl and Postgresql.  Multi user, Multi Entity.  A good one for Government departments to hose to NGO\\&#039;s so they can keep track off all the assets the
deportciencias	DeportCiencias is a program for the management of sport tournaments, teams and players.  It consists in a web-based interface for players and a desktop interface for the administrator.
deportes-gamma	The project consists in an unified sports centres management.
depot	DEPOT is a project manager for jDoom addons (to be expanded for other ports).  While designing an add-on, users often accumulate many different files, making it hard to manage them.  DEPOT is a solution for this, providing easy ways to work with content.
depot-demo	This is a development of Ruby on Rails depot application. It provides a simple online store for registering and displaying a catalogue for the sale of items. This is not a useable project, it could be useful for understanding the Ruby language perhaps.
depoz	DepoZ, Pre-Package and distribute usefull Products.
deps	Define Entities in XML files, so they can be used  as real classes. Each entity will provide its own create,load and store methods for seamless persistence. With full revision control and transaction management.
depth	Collection of perl and ruby scripts, some useful, some interesting, but always documented.
depthdb	Depth DB is a perl-only object oriented dataserver.  It stores perl objects in the form of perl complex structures, which can be of any size.  It has cli clients, perl clients for use in CGIs and Mod_Perl, and is tiny.  It uses a very small subset of the
depview	Tool for showing package dependency graph.
dequeue	The SMTP Mail Dequeuer is a client service designed to automate remote mail dequeuing using the SMTP protocol. Features include detailed logging, flexible scheduling, custom message formats, and administrative alerts.
deracer	Free OpenGL car game for Linux. Track generator included.
derby	Data Retention Agent
derby-gui-tools	a sql gui tools for apache derby for embed.
derbymatic	Database and frontend for roller derby scores, penalties, player statistics, and other data of interest.
derbyscoreboard	Scoreboard for WFTDA roller derby leagues.
dereditor	Fourth generation database designer and code-generator for educational purposes and speeding-up database designing and creating work.
derekota	Derekota -- an updated version of Asteroids set in South Dakota using the Pygame libraries.
dereticulaeff	Web Management OpenSource Application Collection project
derheuchler	This project is intended to be a development tool working with queues and it was written in java. Its main purpose is to simulate responses from legacies after a request.
derivaquant	DerivaQuant aims at creating a robust derivatives risk-analysis software for hedge funds and proprietary trading firms. It offers a variety of option pricing models, links with databases, real-time risk analysis and porfolio risk analysis.
derivatrade	DerivaTrade is a thin C++ wrapper around the Java API of Interactive Brokers. It allows custom C++ applications to call the Java API directly.
derive	Library for performing derivative on an input string. Given an expression in a string, you can mathematically derive it.
derkurier	The project&#039;s aim is to create a HylaFax client under Mac OS X  and the Cocoa framework. It will feature a very nice, Mac OS X like user interface, similarily to that of Apple Mail and might even include a One-Click Installer for the HylaFax server 
dermi	Dermi (Decentralized Event Remote Method Invocation) is a peer-to-peer (P2P), decentralized event-based object middleware framework built on top of a structured Distributed Hash Table based overlay network.
derpy	This project is my attempt to automate routine work while creating database Delphi applications. This is an intermediate layer that is devoted to creating linked and properly initialized datasource-dataset ansambles.
dervish	This project is an ongoing assignment for an introductory software engineering course.  It will be mainly documentation, but will, in its final stage, include a working prototype.  The assignment is to build a library management system.
des	The Datalog Educational System (DES) is a basic deductive database with Datalog as a query language developed for education. It can be used from most common Prolog interpreters and from executables (Windows and Unix/Linux).
des-gsinha	A simple working implementation of 64-bit DES encryption/decryption alogrithm in C++. Could act as guide to undestanding the algorithm. Its buggy so help me out :-)
desart	DesArt Photo Manager is a photo manager with extensions for photo acquisition and photo sharing, archiving and much more. Its plugin architecture means there are no limits to what it can do.
descafeinadox	This is a shooting game, not much decided yet.
descartes	Easy-to-learn interactive 2d plot program. Can overlay images, xy-data, and mathematical functions. Function parameters can be tuned with sliders; functions can also be automatically fitted to data. Written in Python, cross-platform, but currently broken
descdatadiary	This is a simple diary program for Windows. It remembers, the last diary file saved, and retrieves the file when it starts. It supports general editing and a spell checker.
descdataplottin	Graphing program in 2D. Input from comma delimited text (CSV) and output to Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG).
descend	Descend is a program for creating real-time, interactive 3D scenes and graphs. It allows to create scenes using a fast and powerful programing language, called Misc, and to manage and control the behavior of the scenes using a flexible user interface.
descent4	Descent 4: Pavilion is an open-source attempt to develop a sequel to the classic 6DoF game, Descent 3.
descracker	DES Cracker is a small perl script that cracks DES encrypted passwords.Currently there is only a brute force implementation where phrases are generated. Later version will have a possibility to use word lists for cracking.
describe	Utility to describe a MySQL database in SQL capable of rebuilding the database from scratch
descry	Role playing game named &quot;descry&quot;
desecrator	Desecrator - a vertical space shooter
desem	The DESEM project aims at building an educational software to emulate Discrete-Event Systems (DESs), controlled by a logical programmable controller, through PC serial interface RS-232. Designed for use in engineering courses.
desert-fox	Desert Fox is classical 3D Real-Time Strategy game based on World War II theme. Our goal is to make this game as better as we can with no budget. Game will feature Campaign missions. We may consider doing multiplayer mode later.
desert-tankwars	TankWars is a 2D RTS game made in Java and SDL. It can be played with 1 to x players on the same computer or on the network. Each player leads several tank convoys that can interact each other in a huge desert and aims to destroy the enemy convoys.
desertwars	The purpose of this project &#039;Desert Wars&#039; is to program a game that is fun to play and looks nice. Furthermore it&#039;s intended for learning purposes so only positive feedback (how something can be improved ) is allowed.
deserv	DarkEden Private Server is a server emulator for the game DarkEden. It will be based on FS version but will have much more features than it.Under heavy development to bring you the best!
desift	Desift is a data-driven, template-based text filter implemented in Perl, ideal for generating scripts, content and reports. It provides powerful formatting capabilities for delimited text/input streams, especially when combined with other shell programs.
design-ambient	In this project, we explore the way we understand Ambient System, the way system works and how we model the system in our understanding.
design-anywhere	WiaCore Design AnyWhere is a collection of free distribution of portable web designer software, along with a launcher window, for easy access. The software is installed two a portable device, such as a flash drive, an Ipod, or other memory storage device
designandprint	Online business card designer for clients of printing companies, where clients can design their own or us a template. Plus mail merging onto business cards templates form data stored in and sql database.
designcms	The DesignCMS system is designed specifically for graphic designers who do not have the time or inclination to learn server side scripting such as ASP, and who need to provide professional content management to completely non-technical end users
designer-fw	A framework for highly customisable e-commerce: A system for automatically build an e-commerce interface supporting product?s contraints and properties.
designerpro	DesignerPro would provide designers, architects would be exposed to a more reliable, productive and efficient way to design software with improved design and code quality.
designertoolkit	A softwate toolkit library for Macromedia Director to support interaction designers  prototype novel interaction techniques
designerx	Designer X is a Mac OS X port of OpenFX, a 3D modeling, animation, and rendering suite.
designet	DesigNet is a powerful api written in C# for developing graphical interactive application (like AllNote). Suitable for developing Case-Tools, Graph Designer tools, Form Designers and...
designlet	Designlets are miniture design documents that describe the design of a package of java classes.  The documents are persisted in line-by-line XML, allowing changes to a designlet to be patched by CVS, observed in a cvs log file, and possibly merged.  The 
designobjects	to develop the Design Objects XML Format and parsers for it. In many languages For many languages
designwizard	Design Wizard is a tool that supports developers to check structural properties from software source code.
designworks	DesignWorks Project Site is a project management web application written in php and mysql.  Unlike many of the other project management packages, there is an emphasis on interfacing with clients rather than being geared towards internal use.
desikazaa	Desi Kazaa is a file sharing software, based on the original DC++ protocol. We aim to create software which will make the desi community come together. The original DC++ Client will be altered to operate in English and Hindi.
desipio	The software is a cross platform file manager with featurs such as tabs, buttonized paths, directory syncronizing, file comparing, archiving, compressing and more to come.
desivibes	Desi Vibes is a file sharing software, based on the original DC++ protocol. We aim to create software which will make the desi community come together. The original DC++ Client will be altered to operate in English and Hindi.
desk-x-menu	deskXmenu is a Win32 desktop menu program.  It is essentially a non-movable widget that provides quick access to your favorite or commonly needed/used programs, in a sleek mysterious medium that differs from other win32 applications usually seen.
desk3d	3D Desktop is a Linux OpenGL program for switching virtual desktops in a seamless 3-dimensional manner. The current desktop is zoomed out into a fullscreen 3D environment where the next desktop to switch to is selected.
deskassistant	A useful Assistant who is always available and provides the most used functions as Watching the Time, Writing a Notice etc.
deskbands	Suite of deskbands similar which fit on the windows task bar including a multiple desktop bar, search bar, and scrolling rss news bar.
deskblocks	Deskblocks is a desktop distraction not unlike the various stress balls sitting in your cube - it&#039;s a physics sandbox rendered directly onto your desktop. Throw blocks across your screen or stack elaborate buildings that ultimately meet their demoli
deskblox	Deskblox is a scripting engine that integrates simple graphical widgets seamlessly onto the desktop.  Widgets can be authored using JavaScript or Python.
deskbrowse	DeskBrowse is a new innovative web browser. It utilizes the very latest in web technologies and presents the information you want quickly and in a clutter-less and handy environment.
deskcam	DeskCam is a windows desktop cam : it will take a screenshot of your desktop at a specified interval , and upload it to a ftp server .
deskcrawler	DeskCrawler is a search program for the Gnome desktop similar to Mac OS X Spotlight or Google Desktop.  It is written entirely in Java using the java-gnome bindings.
deskdefender	Desk Defender is a little applet based top down shooting game, with a desktop style theme.
deskkit	DeskKit generates screenshots modifies them and puts them to different targets.
deskmanager	DeskManager is a file manager, written in Java 2SE, to manage the files on your computer. It can access local files, network drives, http/ftp files, plays CD&#039;s and music/video files. It can be distributed using Java WebStart.
deskmessage	This projects goal is to provide a GUI for sending short messages over a network, usually a LAN by using the command line interfaces of the underlying OS (i.e. NET SEND at MS Windows) and maintain a pool of receivers and/or messages to be send.
desknotes	Programm for putting small notes on widows desktop.
desko	Desko - Desktop Online, interfaces with other web applications and serves as a central organizing location for your files and other online activities. The objective is to put the end user in control of their online data and give you the freedom to choose
deskor	Want to finish website quickly? Deskor can help you. This project will be surported both in chinese and english. This project was designed to be fast,fast,fast. And you need little studing to handle this.
deskroot	An &quot;ActiveDesktop that doesn&#039;t suck&quot; - displays images and HTML on your root window.
desks	A collection of desktop tools to improve productivity. Will include ToDo List, Sticky Notes/Task, Reminder, etc.
deskserv	DeskServ(Desktop Server): a simple file server for non-server desktops.
deskthings	Project no longer supported
desktop2appdir	ROX-Filer application directory wrapper generator. The directories are generated from freedesktop.org desktop entries. This allows for installed programs to appear in for example ROX-Menu without much effort.
desktop3denviro	GT3Desktop. 3D Desktop Environment using GTK sources and OpenGl to create Gidgets in a 3D windows.
desktopaid	DesktopAid will save your editing session when you quit (X)Emacs and reload it when you start your favorite editor again.  All your active frames and loaded files will be restored as if you never quit (X)Emacs.
desktopbasic	Desktop Basic is a small, teenage attempt at a lightweight desktop environment(it is not usable as a fully-functional desktop environment. It consists of 5 lightweight programs(Calculator, WeBasic, Audio Player, Painter and NotePad)
desktopbsd	DesktopBSD&#039;s main goal is to provide a desktop operating system that&#039;s easy to use, but still has all the functionality and power of a BSD operating system.
desktopchanger	DesktopCHANGER is a wallpaper changing program for Windows 98/ME, 2000, XP, 2003. It can be use local folders or lists of internet urls; it has a timer and scales the background proportionally. Can be used to distribute info, training, etc.
desktopcontacts	Desktop Contacts aims to provide a lightweight, always on top set of tabs at the top of the screen that, when clicked, displays an editable contact list and quick notes.\n\nThe project is written in VB.Net 2.0 and C# 2.0 (ExtendedRichTextBox control).
desktopdb	A desktop database application for systems with the QT run-time libraries.  This application will provide a self-contained database system in the same vein as Microsoft Access with no need for a separate full-scale database server.
desktopgallery	Desktop (non-web) photo gallery application fo Windows/Linux
desktopgeneral	Desktop General, DG, is an Active Desktop webpage that will allow uses to finally do something with there desktop besides putting icons on it. DG is like a personal assisant that can keep notes, get news, stocks, weather, play music, and much much more.
desktoppack	DesktopPack is a Games collection, contain some games, users can add/search/install/view information about intrested games from this DesktopPack collections. From DesktopPack, users can manage installation/uninstalation details very easyly.
desktopsaver	DesktopSaver is a lightweight system tray application that tracks your Windows desktop icons over time. If your icon positions are disturbed by an application crash or resolution change DesktopSaver can restore their original positions in a single click.
desktopswitcher	Desktop Switcher is program that allows user to use native multiple dekstops, available in Windows NT, and running programs on them.
desktoptoolbar	this implementation of a customizable desktop toolbar takes the form of a transparent strip that lives at the desktop-level providing easy access to the home directory, blog, website and other personalized services for network home directory users.
desktoptools	DesktopTools is a collection of small utillities which help to make your daily life easier. Since the tools themself are rather small (projectwise) I keep them not as individual projects, but have them under this collective name.
desktpdelicious	A java (SWT) application that creates a searchable index of Del.icio.us bookmarks.  The application additionally indexes the contents of the pages linked to by the Del.icio.us bookmark for more robust searching.
deskvox	DeskVOX is a real-time visualization tool for 3D data sets like image stacks from CT or MRI scanners, or confocal microscopes. It has an easy to use GUI and runs under Windows or Linux.
deskweb	Deskweb  underlying concept is simple: it applies to web applications the characteristics of   iconography and usability proper to a common windows system desktop.
desl	Java developer support library, containing usefull solutions for common problems almost every programmer has to deal with.
deslot	DeSlot is an open source slot car timing system.  It utilizes phototransistors soldered onto a hacked up parallel printer cable, a joystick port or serial port.  Planned features include support for up to 4 Lanes, 4 drivers, lane rotation, Formula One st
desmoj	desmoj is a framework for rapidly building discrete event driven simulation models in java, which is not restrained to any particular domain of application. It supports both event-oriented and process-oriented modelling views.
desmume	DeSmuME is a Nintendo DS emulator.
desniff	DeSniff is a sniffer detector based on the libnet and the libpcap
desolation	This project is for Windrop users. This small but expanding script will meet the needs of new users-intermediate users. It dosen&#039;t offer much technical or anything fancy, but it will entertain the people in the channels where it runs.
desoo	A software framework to develop enterprise applications.
desproxyfe	DesproxyFE is a Win32 FrontEnd for desproxy, an http tunnel to bypass HTTP proxies using the CONNECT method.You can use internet applications such as IRC, FTP, Telnet, etc..., behind an HTTP proxy. It includes some predefined services such as IRC, HTTP.
desqiss	Desktop wallpaper modifier, picture album sharing software.
desquirr	Desquirr is a decompiler plugin for Interactive Disassembler Pro. It is currently capable of simple data flow analysis of binaries with Intel x86 machine code.
dess	DESS is a distributed remote data storage system. It takes advantage of SOAP to make communication between client and server simple.
destats	deStats is a rather small, fast, and cool IRC Logfile stats generation program. It will eventually become an open source alternative to the existing ones such as mIRCStats, and IRCStats.
destinatenews	This program will display news, while your reporters or journalists can post with ease. This uses MySQL for data storage.
destination	Tourism information and vacation booking webstore
destiney	Destiney Scripts is a open source image rating script distributed under the BSD License.  Destiney Scripts allows members to upload their images and have them rated by other site visitors.  Member  forums and comments sections are also provided.
destinyemu	Destiny Project is an Server Emulators Dev Team, actual working project is Destiny WYD and Destiny UO Servers
destruction	Destruction is the actual gaming/chat portion of a series of 3 programs designed to facilitate and enhance the playing of White Wolf Games online.
destructme	Imagine If your Laptop and Mobile phone been stoled ot lost, then all ur important data or secret inside it will no longer safe. then with destructme sofware, its will be automatically deleted all data or known as self-destruct. and your secrets remain..
destumbler	Destumbler is a Perl application that takes your Netstumbler summary export and parses it into two files (WEP and non-WEP) to import into MapPoint.  It also provides summary information like number of nodes, and percentage of WEP devices in the survey.
desudex	The Desu Indexer (DesuDex) is an application for managing your images. It maintains a database of your image metadata, allowing you to search your images by user-defined tags, create ordered lists of images (for comics, etc.), and export archives.
detach	detach is a simple program that detaches a program from a terminal.  It can be used to start an X program independently from within an xterm.
detail	Detail is a new general-purpose programming language.  It&#039;s not yet ready for public use.
detailaddress	DetailAddress is a plugin for Azureus.It can show the peer&#039;s detail address. The current version is only for Chinese users. for more information , visit here : http://blog.tom.com/blog/read.php?bloggerid=784720&amp;blogid=60915
detaolb	detaolb aims to be a &quot;much-less-than-a-floppy&quot; linux distro
detectbrowser	DetectBrowser is Perl module which detects user&#039;s browser and OS, by analyzing the HTTP user-agent string. It recognizes all versions of AOL,Konqueror,MSIE,Mozilla,Netscape,Opera,WebTV,etc... running on BSD,HP-UX,Linux,Mac,Sun,Windows,etc...
detectiv	DetectiV is an R package for the analysis of pathogen detection microarrays
detectmotion	Image &amp; webcam motion detection library
detektor	Autodetection of web proxy settings, mail account settings, and newsreader settings so Grandma&#039;s computer will &quot;just work&quot;
deterministicai	This project aims to produce a structure for the design and implementation of an Artificial Intelligence system based on the idea of determinism. This is to be completed with the creation of an AI system, a testing interface, and example applications.
detodas	Componentes and Modules for Joomla! in Spanish
detodkp	A PHP-based DKP solution to help guilds in World of Warcraft track guild members&#039; attendence, item purchases and other statistics. Features templating, automatical DKP calculating and many other features.
detox	Detox is a utility designed to clean up filenames.  It replaces non-standard characters, such as spaces, with standard equivalents.
detox-hla	A language which hopes to be a middle point between C and native assembly, in a portable way.
detritus	Detritus is a package of programs for aiding power users or systems administrators in finding, and as needed trimming or deleting, the variety of useless files that Windows accumulates, such as tmps, caches, logs, . . . that the MS Disk Cleanup misses.
dets	Defect and Enhancement Tracking System - a low-profile issue tracker
deusip	An open networking monitoring software, allows users to get every important informations about a network. Including route table, IP configurations, default server used, Ports &amp; IPs established, downloading and uploading rates, FTP shell client,etc...
deuterium	&quot;Deuterium&quot; is a java based framework for component and service orietned programming. It is similiar to Apaches&#039;s Avalon or the Spring framework. Key Features are: - IOC, SOC, XML scripting, pipelines, workflow
dev-cpp	Dev-C++ is an full-featured Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for Win32. It uses GCC, Mingw or Cygwin as compiler and libraries set.
dev-delight	Developer´s Delight is a completely free framework for creating games. It supports AngelScript, Livetexture of a webcam, Videotexture, Stereoscopic View with multicast network, AI, Game-Networking, Scene controlled by Webserver and many more
dev-hell	Otherwise known as &#039;The Great Game-Making Game&#039;, it will be an browser-based online game where players have to battle it out to become the best games producers. The game will feature lots of comedy as well, just to keep you happy!
dev-openphpnuke	THE CMS System with easy integration of additional tools.
dev-paypal-cart	Dev-Paypal-Cart is a front and backend for a complete ecommerce web site adding, editing, removing of items, pages, and content. The shopping cart will use the Paypal Website Payments Pro for payment. A complete CMS Shopping Cart System.
dev-php-5	&quot;dev-php editor alpha 5&quot; is base on dev-php alpha 3 open source alpha 3.\n mysql and odbc DB connection and sql debuger
dev-wms	Dev is powerful and very flexible content management system for web portals. System is licensed as freeware under the terms of GNU/GPL licence. It is absolutely free for non-commercial and commercial use. Based on php4 + MySQL technology.
dev-xmllogger	DevEnv XmlLogger aims to convert the output from DevEnv.exe into a rich XML form which can be used by other projects such as CruiseControl.NET for use with XSLT. Devenv output will be broken into a heirarchy of Projects, Compilation Errors/Warnings etc.
dev2d	My Project is simply to develop a basic layout for anyone interested in developing 2d games using the Irrlicht graphics engine.
dev3dfx	3dfx Driver Development.  OpenGL and DirectX Development for 3dfx Cards.
devadvantage	devAdvantage: an automated code review tool that analyzes .NET C# code looking for bugs and issues with the unique ability to fix the problems found. devMetrics: a software management tool that gathers and reports metrics for .NET C#. An SDK allows for c
devallocator	This project will implement a device allocation framework required by the LSPP for Linux
devashishb	Mystic-JPE is a Java Prediction Engine based on Astrological and Cognitive sciences. It is fully in Java and uses a sql database as repository
devbasic	DevBasic is a frontend for qb in Windows/Linux which allows advanced project management, script editing, sprite editing, etc. DevBasic has a very customizable interface and allows users to create addins for the IDE.
devbuildrunner	Build PC web manager to allow simple and flexible choice, via a GUI, of user defined build options and queue build and test requests.  Provide e-mail notification of success or failure of build, version control labelling, and archiving of build packages.
devcafe	DevCafe Source Control allows users to share files and maintain a history of previous versions.We see its primary use for sharing information between organisations or for geographically dispersed teams.
devcharrecog	This software recognizes mouse-drawn/stylus-written characters of Devanagari (Hindi) Script most accurately. It is useful in Tablet PCs using Microsoft Windows operating system. Version 1.0 Beta is going to be released shortly..
devchatxsystem	This project is a Chat system that will allow developers to host a server and chat within a secure connection. Also providing fast file transfer. Extras for this chat Server will include an intergrated CVS, FTP, HTTP Servers.
devcms	DevCMS is a flexible system for maintaining a MySQL-driven website. It provides a framework for integrating various types of data into a dynamic website, such as news articles, links to web resources, a repository of user-contributed projects, etc.
devcodemetrics	C and ASM code metrics and review tools.  XML, Excel, and CSV reports for multiple segments within files such as production and unit test code. Web server GUI interface.  Calculates lines of code (both LOC and eLOC), cyclomatic complexity, and others.
devconnector	Eclipse plugin that allows you to post questions to the online community in real-time.  People&#039;s questions are &#039;streamed&#039; into your view and you can see answers or answer them yourself. Uses Java with servlets and XML
devcore	Dev|Core International, Inc. is a News and Information Web Site dedicated to technology with a softspot for the Free Software Inititave. This is our hub for development tracking on projects headed by Dev|Core International and Associates.
devcpp-portable	Dev-C++ Portable launches Dev-C++ from a USB drive or other removable devices.
devedit	This is a CGI based editor to allow remote changes to files and directory structures on a web server.
deveel-ajax	Deveel AJAX is a framework for interfacing JavaScript developed front-ends requiring AJAX with .NET back-ends, providing the developers and easy way to develop rich web-based applications.
deveel-console	Deveel Console is a .NET/Mono library designed for developers aims to create console driven applications, providing many usefull advanced graphical features and plugin support.
deveel-regex	Deveel Regex is a library for Regular Expressions parsing and manipulation for .NET/Mono developers, that extends the common features in the native framework, offering better performances.
deveelreadline	Deveel ReadLine is a library (such as GNU-ReadLine) for managing console input and output under .NET/Mono frameworks, whit no use of external C bindings.
deveject	Windows Utility to eject removeable devices from the command line (don\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&#039;t need to use mouse and is scriptable)
devel-butterfly	Butterfly E-Commerce, This project consists on developping a full E-Commerce system written in PHP/MySQL, easy to install, whit extensions, and in a lot of languages.
devel-profiler	A Perl profiler compatible with dprofpp.
developcave	This project aims to simplify the creation of high quality, advanced visualizations from large quantities of remotely sensed data.
developersclub	We are an organization dedicated to fostering talented members of the creative community through the development of applications in a business environment. The club is modeled after a typical development studio with teams working on multiple projects.
develstat	Java API to generate usage statistics and charts of versioning system repositories. Access to different versioning systems is planned, e.g., CVS, subversion, etc.
develtools	The DevTools project has moved to http://sourceforge.net/projects/devtools/ .
devenix	Devenix is a live CD based on the popular Knoppix distribution.  It is intended to provide an entire web/PHP development distro to allow development to continue on any pc, with the only requirement being a form of storage, and a Devenix CD
devete	A sudoku (9x9) and supersudoku (16x16) GUI in Java that can generate and solve sudokus.
devfla	Port of the FreeBSD flash memory device driver to OpenBSD and NetBSD
devflowcharter	devFlowCharter is a complete environment for creating program flowchart, source code generation and finally compilation and execution. Its main goal is to be straightforward, educational tool for use during procedural programming classes.
devfury	DevFury is a framework to develop your web sites. Developped with the MVC design-pattern, the idea is to make development easyer in the way that you only have to develop plugins in order to increase your web site technology.
devgear-mac	DevGear includes debugging macros, utility functions, string classes, reference-counting pointer templates, and anything else that a Mac programmer could conceivably want to use outside of an actual class library or framework.
devgp	Proyecto para ense?ar a programar con GNU PRC-Tools a la comunidad de usuarios hispano hablantes.
devialog	devialog is a behavior/anomaly-based syslog intrusion detection system which detects unknown attacks via anomalies in syslog. It can generate signatures for ease of management, act upon anomalies in a predefined fashion or perform as a standard log parse
deviantmessage	A Firefox extension designed to display your deviantART message centre directly in your browser&#039;s status bar.
device-def-lib	New version of wurfl library for device definitions. Now I use the database source (Microsoft SQL Server 2005) not xml file(it was too slow for my purposes).\nI have added the ASP.NET Cache also.
device-profile	The Device Profile was originally developed to capture &quot;Manufacturer&#039;s Disclosure Statement for Medical Device Security&quot; (MDS2) documents as structured XML. Going beyond the MDS2, and automating general communication channels, is now the g
deviceadmin	In order to manage device from different hardware-manufacture,we try to develope a device-management system.
devicesideusb	The aim of this project is to develop a basic approach for a device side USB driver which firstly can be adapted to different hardware setups and secondly realizes the USB protocol without any operating system support.
devilbot	A modular(C-modules) IRC-bot written in C with the same UI as the AnGeL-bot and scripting-functions. It is similar to the Eggdrop and running on Linux and Windows.
devildicegold	This is a Devil Dice Remake for GP2X (Linux entertaiment console) an PC-x86 for Linux and Windows. We use SDL, our 3d software render, etc...\n\n(Devil Dice is a puzzle game for Play Station).
devildotnet	This project allows use of the great library of graphics ,Devil, with high level programming in all .NET languages.
devilrabbit	This was originally for FreeBSD packages, but now its going to be for random coding projects.
devilrob	este un proyecto para el vienenstar de lo jugadores de starcraft
devilsdance	devilsdance is a highly-modular cms solution, running on every *AMP machine ( apache, mysql, php 4.x ). its features are : 100% modularity, absolutely extendable, simple api, own template engine, and any page you need is set up very quickly with it.
devilsprey	DevilsPrey is a 2D topdown LAN/Internet deathmatch game for Linux/Win32. Using 3d acceleration for smooth and fast graphics. Focus is on a fast and fun gameplay
devilvbactivex	This is a Visual Basic ActiveX Control that interfaces with the DevIL Graphics Dll&#039;s.  The purpose of this program is to provide a program that shows how to use the DevIL DLL&#039;s and to make a ActiveX Control with VB that has lots of functions su
devim	This is a command-line based chat program. It can be run on all versions of Windows and most versions of linux. You can run the entire program from Command Prompt. It offers an easy and quick way to chat to another person on a network or the internet pri
devio	devio: correctly read (or write) a region of a block device.  A command line program to read correctly from mtd character (and other block) devices.  devio allows access to specific regions of the device and allows output of data from specific locations.
deviosgames	Devios Games Development aims to create great games for Windows, then show you how to make them yourself with Clickteam Software!
devious	Devious is a multi-platform client for the DeviantART community website.  Your deviations can be uploaded in batch or individually, without the hassle of the in-browser interface!
devisa	Decision Tree Visualizer and Annotator Web Tool
devkitadv	Software Development Kit for the Nintendo(tm) Gameboy Advance(tm) based on GCC.
devlb	Dev-LB is a free IDE for the Liberty BASIC compiler.
devlib	DevLib is a framework designed to make multimedia productions (games, screen-savers, demos..) easier and more intuitive to write, abstracting developer from OpenGL and DirectX 3D-APIs.
devlix	DevLix, Developer&#039;s Linux, is a new distribution aimed entirely towards developers. Security, stability, ease of use for developers,and a brand new packaging system combining the strength of rpm and ports are combined features that only a few distri
devmap	DevMap is a simple PHP &amp; MySQL web-based software system to outline the roadmap for software development projects.
devmaster	Space Unlimted will be a Quake III-style space shooter, throwing the player into arenas, fighting in a tournament for his/her live, money and the chance to become the most famous arena fighter of all times.
devmc12	a new userinterface for developing software for microcontroller MC68HCS12, to be a option for all students that don&#039;t run windows, or got tired of all bugs in the software our school is telling us to use.
devmetrics	devMetrics: a software management tool that gathers and reports metrics for .NET C#.  An SDK allows for custom metrics and reports.
devmic	DevMic is an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for Small Device C compiler (SDCC) based on Dev-Cpp. The main aim is to allow programmers to develop software for microcontrollers easily and quickly.
devmos	MOS is an opensource microkernel based , protected mode, operating system written mostly in C and the machine dependent parts in assembly language. It aims to provide a reliable and performant memory management system with a strong api and system calls s
devn-atmel	QNX NIC driver for the ATMEL WLAN Chipsets (AT76C502AR, AT76C502AR_D, AT76C502AR_E and AT76C504)
devnull	A source code editor and project management system for programmers, with syntax highlighting and compiler plugin ability.
devoid	RTS game settled on a post-nuclear Earth
devoliacs	Devolia Control Server is a webmin like for Windows. DCS is build as server with plug-ins for every administration features to make it as flexible as possible.
devolt	Dynamic Enhanced Virtual Open Library Technology (DEVOLT) is intended as a set of building blocks for Web sites from the plain to the grandiose. The purpose is to publish information with dynamic tools that a novice can understand and a pro can extend.
devolution	devolution is a no-hype,no-buzzword content management system designed to make plain text websites easy to read, simple to administer and visually attractive while keeping features to a minimal ensuring that devolution does one thing and does it well
devolution-rpg	Un moteur de RPG en 3D ?volutif multi-plateformes bas? sur le moteur OpenSource Crystal Space
devon	PROJECT TEMPORARILY SUSPENDED
devoroclassik	Devoro Classik is a free MORPG (Multiplayer Online Roleplaying Game) currently in Alpha 1.4.\nWe seek to bring back the classic version of a game for old and new users alike.
devosc	The devosc project is intended as a general PHP website application. It is built utilizing core components of osCommerce GNU GPL code and provides a means for general websites and applications development.
devote	DEVOTE(Democratic Electronic Voting Over Totally Encrypted Systems), is an open-source project bent on making an e-voting system that can be used for any purpose. We are using C++ and the wxWidgets library. Look to our website for more information(Soon).
devoybb	DevoyBB is a new forum system on its very first release.  We are working very hard to make a new, more stable board for the system.  We are a free forum system for everyone.  http://www.devoybb.com
devpache	DevPache is a small portable package for locally or small-time server testing of web applications and websites, this package creates a quick way to test websites and requires no configuration of advanced services or anything.
devpack	A package that helps the common user to better develop their mindset towards web design and programming. The programming is set towards web design based meaning programming will be structured for web design and not windows applications.
devpanel	XML based configuration framework for UNIX based operating systems. Abstracts servers and provides a web/console/gui based system management. Currently supports PgSQL, MySQL, Apache, Qmail, Postfix, Sendmail, vsftpd, PureFTPD, system quotas etc...
devpg-wordpress	just a modification of wordpress
devphp	Dev-PHP is a well-featured IDE for PHP. Fast and powerful, it is easy to use and has a lot of cool features : class browser, scripts preview, integration with PHP parsers, PHP-GTK library, and Xdebug of course. Dev-PHP-usb slips even into your pocket.
devproject	A simple, lightweight project manager for software developers to help organize tasks, bugs, notes, ideas, and project members. It will include a combination of the best features from other information managers.
devproxy	Being deleted soon (when i can find the button)
devreftools	A set of Linux commands that will provide useful information to a developer.  Ever need an ASCII table but couldn&#039;t find one?  The source code will be loaded with comments so that one may learn the basics of C/C++ programming from these tools.
devreport	devReport is a bug tracking system to evaluate software maturity &amp; stability. It could evolve to a more general (software) project manager. New idea are welcome
devrscc	Library for ASP.Net which helps developers writing highly interactive web pages with out-of-band communication with the server (or OOB, ie without full page postback).
devs-csharp-sim	Modeling and Simulation or Real-time Execution of Discrete Event System Specification (DEVS) that is invented by Dr. Zeigler who is a professor of ECE Dept., of the University of Arizona. Implementatation is done in Microsoft C-# langauges.
devs-sbml	DEVS combined with SBML project. Support by ACIMS(www.acims.arizona.edu).
devshaka	Please see the main &#039;Jahshakafx&#039; or &#039;Jahshaka&#039; projects for the current codebase. This project is not in use.
devshot	A tool for creating/restoring MSSQL2005 database snapshots for project developing processes from Visual Studio.NET 2005
devsite	A web-based project management and development environment written in PHP. Provides a means for developers of a single project or many projects; big projects or small projects to manage the difficulties of keeping in touch and up to date.
devsml	DEVSML is a novel way of writing DEVS models in XML language. This DEVSML is built on JAVAML, which is infact, XML implementation of JAVA. It is an attempt to provide interoperability between various DEVS models and create dynamic scenarios.
devspace	DevSpace CMS
devstack	Devstack is an MVC web development framework for Perl that makes it easy to create an Intranet application by providing widgets for lists, views, creates and edits of database records.
devteams	DevTeams is a web-based project management system designed primarily, but not exclusively, for developement teams that need to coordinate many projects with different clients. It is built on on top of emerging Zend Framework.
devtimetracker	DevTimeTracker is a java/SWT desktop application, to keep track of working time based on events, task and workflows. It will support reporting and filtering capabilities.
devtodo	devtodo is a program to assist developers (or anybody who uses a terminal) in maintaining a list of outstanding tasks in a hierarchical, prioritised, list. Additionally, it can automatically list outstanding items when you change into a directory.
devtools	The DevTools project is an open-source (BSD-licensed) set of development tools, including a set of shared gmake-style utility makefiles, the TLM version-control wrapper, and various other little utility C++ programs and Perl and Python scripts.
devtrack-p	Development of a personal memoire in software versioning format.
devtraq	DevTraq is a totally module based and database system independent tool to manage any (software) project
devware	DevWare is an Developer Groupware,with Calender, E-Mail, Chat, Todo&#039;s, integrated CVS / SVN, own Version Control, Documentation System, Redactionell System. It&#039;s written in Java, the Server runs on Jboss, Rich Client is Eclipse.
devweb	Dev Web is a php-based web programming interface designed for students learning how to program. Dev Web allows instructors to post labratory notes and data files necessary to complete a lab project onto the website; then student users with a username and
devwshop	An IDE for developing native Windows 32-bit applications in C and C++. The binary release includes the MinGW32 compiler and build tools.
devyahoo	A PHP wrapper which helps to intract with Yahoo Developer API. User can use Yahoo API in your site by providing very less Parameters
dewantara	Dewantara is an open source school information system.
dewdrop	From the XML definition of your database, DewDrop will generate clean and human-readable SQL DDL code for any supported target database.  This means you can define your database just once in XML, and have it work for any database automatically.
dewmap	DEWMap aims to build a dynamic, modular, open mapping system geared towards (but not exclusively for) pen / paper and computer role playing games.
dewnew-phplinks	DEW-NEWPhpLinks is a branch based on phplinks v2.1.3 It retains its features and adds a recipricol link checker to the admin panel. Check out the forums &amp;amp; download the latest version @ our new home http://www.dew-code.com
dewtracker2d	DewTracker 2D, written in C#, records the amount of Mountain Dew that you drink.  It can be skinned to display the stats for any substance.
dex	DeX is a Java file Explorer.
dex-os	The DEX Operating system allows for the dynamic reconfiguration and customization of various system services using concepts found in extensible operating systems. The ultimate goal of this operating system is to achieve zero static inter-module calls.
dex-tracker	tracker interface for csound. Currently in beta with a working sco editor, text editor, online help. Cabel is also included. May provide support for vst, dxi in the future. Csound routines is also available by itself currently only for python
dex2	DeX? is an open-source XML Client written specifically for www.NLDelphi.com. It tracks any new messages on the forums, and in the future might track other things, depending on the server implementations.
dexearch	Dexearch is an index driven desktop search engine toolset for Linux based systems. It has support for text search within a variety of file formats like MS Office documents, pdf, ps, OpenOffice.org documents, etc.
dexianet	DexiaNET is a little tool for the Belgian netbanking system of Dexia. It allows a user to manage multiple accounts while saving the RSA identity keys pair on the hard drive. The official software allows to do that only with floppies...
dexoffline	DexOffline is the offline version of DexOnline (http://www.dexonline.ro). It is most useful to those who do not have a permanent internet connection.
dextar	A basic console script backup systems without X. Rather than remembering the perplexing tar options, this will use a .conf file, and prompt the user for information. USER BEWARE!!! This was mostly designed for me to practice my bash skills
dexter	Dexter is a little java program to interactively or semi-automatically extract data from scanned graphs.  In its applet incarnation it is used by the Astrophysics Data System.  A rudimenary standalone version is provided as well.
dexter-js	Command line [Documentation EXTRactor] for JavaScript files. Parses source js files and extracts tags and comments into a js object which can be decorated for different file outputs.
dexterim	DexterIM is a customizable and extendible Instant Messaging framework written in Java. Currently only msn Protocol is supported.
dexterous	A web server with SCTP(Stream Control Transmission Protocol) support
dexterquad	Dexter Quad is a 2D top-down scrolling game written in C++/SDL
dextimer	Simple GTK timer/stopwatch app written in C using Glade.
dexux	Dexux allows a DexDrive, a Playstation memory card reader, to be used under Linux.  We expect that mostly full functionality exists, but that it can be hard to use for end users.  This project has been abandoned; please pick it up!
df-gp	The aim of this project is to use the TV-screen as a central point of information. Mainly it supports watching TV and movies. But modules for web-browsing and eMail reading are planned.
df-studio	DemoForge Studio allows to create animated demos or tutorials easily by recording computer&#039;s desktop activity, including all mouse movements, window graphics, mouse clicks, etc.
df2	Dynamic Flash Forum (DF2) will be the next revolutionary forum program for web designers to use on their site.  The forum will run through Flash and has a PHP/mySQL backbone.
dfa-learner	The project implements Dana Angluin&#039;s learning algorithm with intent to look into the possibility of computational learning of changing (shifting) information.
dfachat	Free Instant Mesagging and Chat client / server
dfandango	A turn based, multiplayer drug trading game, aiming to provide nonstop entertainment even in a turn based environment! Similar in concept to DopeWars, but with much, much more!
dfast	wxDownload Fast is a multi-platform download manager. It downloads faster by getting segments from multiple locations at the same time. It was created in C++ using the wxWidgets [wxWindows] library.
dfbb	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
dfbcar	DFBCar is a linux lightweight embedded directfb program written in C and geared towards use in a car on small lcd screens.  This system uses xine-lib for media playback and DirectFB library for the gui and video output.
dfc	DFC - DObject Foundation Class Library is a C++ Java-like class library, compatible with java2cpp (Java to C++ source translator). Features: Runtime Type Information, multithreading, Graphical User Interface, JDBC-like SQL interface
dfcode	A collection of source code for manipulating the various file formats (images, maps, sounds, models, etc...) used by The Elder Scrolls: Daggerfall, an old, but still popular CRPG.
dfd	Template library that represent abstract user interface controls and document-view interaction model.
dfdaemon	Web statistics for IL-2 server
dfdcart	DFD Cart is a wholesale distributor&#039;s ordering system, designed to handle hundreds of products in a simple yet feature-rich and easy-to-use interface (within multiple categories soon). Microsoft or Open Office can import and export products with eas
dfdedit	DFDEdit is a platform independent GUI based tool to assist users in drawing, editing, saving and validating the data flow of multi level DFDs.
dfeed	DFeed is a utility for BotNET which will allow you to display live information from Diablo 2 into an IRC channel. DFeed is written in C# and requires that you have the .NET Framework 1.1 installed and BotNET.
dfem	Parallel and sequential object oriented finite element code
dfforum	DarkflameForum is a free open-source forum for use by anyone. It is the free version of the www.linuxquestions.org forum. It uses PHP and MySQL.
dfilter	Digital filter simulation
dfircd	DarkFire IRCd is a modern, efficient, and reliable IRC server for use on medium sized networks. Features a faster protocol, new user and channel modes, powerful operator commands, and a revolutionary authentication method.
dfire	DragonFire is a compilation of various mathamatical formulas and theorms from algebra (and soon, Calculus). It shows users the formula for them to learn/use, or lets them enter data for DragonFire to compute.
dfk	DFK: Duplicate File Killer will search a user specified directory/drive for duplicate files of any kind.  It will eventually utilize image recognition for image comparison, audio matching algorhythms for sound file matching and CRC/MD5 hash testing.
dflow	A component-based, object-oriented workflow system designed to allow workflows to be defined using XML or database records and implemented using PHP objects. New workflow actions may be developed and dropped into the system with no overhead.
dfm05	dfm - very simple soccer management game for the german 1.Bundesliga.
dfm2java	Converter of Delphi forms (dfm files) to Java classes.
dfmedit	edit Delphi Form files (DFM); Supporting Text and binary forms; Preview can handle unknown controls/properties; betas: http://www.fw-web.de/dfmedit_beta.php
dfmods	Open Source DragonflyCMS projects done by DFMods.com
dfmtopas	DFM To Pascal is a GPL (Delphi source for a while) application used to port source code from Delphi to Free Pascal Compiler using the Lazarus libs.  DFMToPas read a list of DFM files and create 4 pascal files for each DFM file. Example, DFMToPas read MyF
dfo	Web based data handling applications from database administration to point of sale registration.
dforce	dforce sites! is a CMS (website&#039;s content manager) based on pure php code, with no need for any database. 2.0 version now supports plugins and styles and features the M.A.L. magic autoconfiguration lines for running anyhow, everywhere. And easily!
dfoto	A photo gallery engine.
dfp	Decimal floating point library in Java. Provides decimal floating point math for Java via a clean, easy to understand implementation. Much easier to use than Big Decimal, nearly IEEE-854 compliant. Compatible with J2ME, so it can be used on PDAs/phones
dfreader	This is a component pack for manipulation of scanned images of documents - recognition, vectoring, storing in DB etc.
dfriends	A social network site.
dfs	DFS is a fully distributed file system providing the accessibility of a network file system, the speed of a local hard drive, the redundancy of a mirror, and the scalability of a RAID.
dfshell	dfShell a graphical alternative to text based shells. It launches and manages processes, process groups, unix pipelines. Intended to be paired with a database that describes the inputs/outputs/parameters/options for all shell based programs.
dfslink	The dfslink command line tool help&#039;s to add a lot of links to a Microsoft DFS structure in one fell swoop.
dfsm	The Distributed Finite State Machine Project (dFSM Project) aims to develop a platform that allows to develop an application composed of some distributed modules, were every module is designed with the finite state machine (FSM) paradigm. The platform al
dfsmt	The following is a script designed to monitor a mission critical web server and perform specific operations if the machine is found to be unreachable.
dfss	This software is to setup a clean new Debian Based OS servers, Such as Ubuntu and Solaris. It sets up everything a server would need to operate. Including, SSH, A HTTP server, FTP and much more!
dfssolution	implementation of a system of distribuidos archives, taking as base the Google File System (GFS)
dfsu	DFSU is an Intrusion Detection Framework capable of unify HIDS (Syscalls) and NIDS (Snort) by using distributed agents. Thanks to its plugin oriented architecture, DFSU is the perfect  environment for developing and testing new detection methods.
dft	dft is a support class or library (depending on language/implementation) to allow dynamic formatting of HTML, data transmissions, print streams or anything else. The system uses templates to separate data views from procedural code.
dftool	Nothing to see here...
dftps	We are building an extention module to ProFTPd server which will support special distributed file system. It will allow users to integrate many unix account into one virtual space and access it via FTP protocol.
dftree	DFTree is a javascript+css folder tree with dynamic node insertion/erasing/alteration and other functionalities. It is also very lightweight and easy to use.
dftt	The Digital Forensic Tool Testing (DFTT) project creates test images for digital forensic acquisition and analysis tools.  These images can be used by a tool developers and owners to test their software.
dfu-programmer	A linux based command-line programmer for Atmel (8051 &amp; AVR) chips with a USB bootloader supporting ISP. This is a mostly Device Firmware Update (DFU) 1.0 compliant user-space application.
dfw	IPTables / FreeS/WAN firewall management utility.
dfwiki	DFWiki is a wiki module designed to work within the moodle LMS environment. It has been designed to take advantadge of wiki features for e-learning, As content creation, and collaborative work projects. Future versions will also work utside moodle.
dfxpanel	Dfxpanel is a support panel that customers may add their error while using server which supported by linux and cpanel. Customers may also show their commercial situation, their profiles and server-news from the customer panel
dgame	DGamE is a Dynamic Game Engine. This is used to create games relatively easy.
dgat	This is a ultimate testing framework wich generates its own input data.
dgav	An antivirus plugin for the content filtering web proxy DansGuardian.
dgbackup	DESSI Gest backup save your DESSI Gest web application easily.
dgbookreview	Based entirely on PHP and MySql this software will allow the upload of book reviews including coments and images. Users will also be able to give a rating for the books
dgc	DGC is a tool for the creation of digital netlists. DGC does an optimization and technology mapping for an abstract description of boolean functions and state machines. Output formats are EDIF, XNF and VHDL. Input formats are KISS, PLA and others.
dgcc	GDC is a GCC front end for the D programming language.
dgcons	dgcons is an add-on for GNU Cons providing toolset support and minimal autoconf-like functionality
dgcshell	Current project: Blaatbot IRC Bot ( cvs module irc )
dgd-lwent	Light-weight entities are an attempt to make DGD&#039;s light-weight objects more attractive as replacements for persistent objects.
dgdasteroids	Dgdasteroids is an asteroids clone played on the pc using directx to render graphics.
dgdiplus	A GDI+ conversion for the D language
dge	DGE is a multithreaded, modern, component based game engine released under a less restrictive license to allow professional developers to use and contribute to the code base.
dgengine	An object-oriented 3D game engine with many features as: shader driven renderer, scene graph, game object management, resource management, input system. The engine is designed with ease of use and flexibility in mind to support different types of games.
dgeom	DGeometry Library - 2D and 3D geometry library, linear transformations, intersections(collision detection). Shapes: vectors, points, matrixes, plane, quaternion, lines, sphere, cylinder, segment. C++ language, high portable realization.
dgep	The Doppelganger Game Engine Project (DGEP) attempts to create a fully featured game engine using a heavily refactored and redesigned Irrlicht 0.7 Codebase. It adds features like sound, networking, physics, scripting etc.
dget	dget is a multi-thread download tool based on linux platform, develop using C++. support FTP, HTTP, MMS, the RTSP protocol. currently mainly support the FTP, HTTP, MMS, RTSP protocol. The Max Thread number limits to 10 for each task .
dgforums	This is the home of the opensource DigiGuide Forums, written in ASP used on http://www.digiguide.com
dggrappa	Dynagraph for Grappa is a Java front-end for the Dynagraph graph layout engines.  It supports direct manipulation (graphical editing) of graphs, as well as text-driven display of dynamic graphs.
dghmux-java	DGHMux-Java is a Java library for multiplexing several streams over one connection such as TCP and SSL.  It allows a developer to create a protocol that can be encrypted with SSL and allows firewall admins to easily allow or reject your protocol.
dgl	DiamondGL - 3D/2D engine based on OpenGL.
dgles	Desktop OpenGL ES is an OpenGL ES 1.1 to desktop OpenGL wrapper. dgles intends to ease development of software that uses OpenGL ES.
dgloganalyser	DansGuardian Log Analyser
dglutillib	C/C++ library with functions and datastructures which come in handy with 3D programming. F.e. it contains a 3Dstudio MAX&#039; ASE importer/compiler, vectormath functions etc. It&#039;s developed as an add-on library for DemoGL, but can be used by any ot
dgm3dengine	The DGM 3D Engine is a Visual Basic Project. The engine can be loaded up as reference file (DLL) in most Visual Studio languages, allthough Visual Basic is adviced.
dgnews	This is PHP News Publishing project, where user can add/remove their news via browser
dgnr	File manager using the GTK library, designed to be used with keyboard.
dgol	Distributed system for searching for the Game Of Life patterns.
dgos	DGoS aims to design and implement methods to ensure that bloggers under DoS attack can be provided alternate, distributed hosting platforms to allow a blogger to continue posting and remain engaged and connected with the blogosphere during an attack.
dgosp	DARKSTARgames is a hobbyist game development project. Our 3D engine EVEN will be published as Open Source together with the game release aimed for 2007. However we already have now software, that may be interesting for the public.
dgp	Disease Gene Profiler (DGP) comprises of a set of (bioinformatics) tools that can be used to identify the genes underlying susceptibility to common multifactorial diseases (such as diabetes, asthma and cancer) using freely available datasources.
dgpctk	Automated build system.  CVS commit / watch / tag notification via email, newsgroup, and/or IRC.  Console-based file manipulation tools and utilities.  XML-based file copy/FTP script.  IRC session logger.  Synchronize web site with CVS.  GPL.  Tested on
dgpf	The Distributed Genetic Programming Framework is a scalable Java genetic programming environment. It comes with an optional specialization for evolving assembler-syntax algorithms. The evolution can be performed in parallel in any computer network.
dgrabows	Virtual Greeting Card System, written in PHP and using MySQL as the backend. This script is written as an addon module for Post Nuke.
dgroups	giFT-Zombie is a NATIVE client written in C++ that connects to the  FastTrack peer-to-peer(Kazaa (TM) / Morpheus (TM)) network using the giFT library.  Ports are planned for Win32 and OSX.  (we used to be halo-kazaa)
dgs	A complete set of tools for guitarsists in different tecnologies: Java, J2ME, PalmOS, Visual Basic
dgsh	Dungeon Shell is a shell for D20 Dungeon Masters. Simple commands allow DM to manage a game session and track characters and monsters statistics. It is written in Java (1.4.0 at least). Data is stored in XML and you can script it with j[p]ython.
dgt2684	A linux kernel patch, which allow QoS in RFC2684-compatible enacpsulation (i.e. ethernet connection over ATM PVC). You can have multiple traffic classes handled by single encapsulated interface, all they can have different QoS parameters.
dgtdrv	dgtdrv aims to be a uci/xboard/crafty compatible interface (input engine) for the DGT Electronic Chess board on POSIX platforms. It relies on the dgtnix library.
dgtnix	This project is a POSIX-compliant driver for the dgt board from dgtprojects. It is intented at acting as a layer between chess engines and the dgt board.
dgtools	Administration tools intended for use on Caldera OpenLinux, some tools will be useable on multiple distributions.  Current tools include Printer Administration, SMB Connection Administration and RPM search and extraction tools.
dguitar	DGuitar is a Guitar Pro (*.GP4,*.GP3,GTP) viewer and player that works under Linux, MacOs, Solaris, BSD, Windows, or any other operating system with Java Runtime 1.4.X. http://DGuitar.sourceforge.net
dgvchannel	Dgvchannel é um driver que permite a utilização das placas DigiVoice com o Asterisk(c). A Digivoice tem uma placa E1 (1 ou 2 spans) e uma placa FXO (4 ou 8 canais) que são suportadas por este channel. Acesse http://www.digivoice.com.br
dgwebminmodule	The DansGuardian Webmin Module is exactly that. A Webmin Module. It will allow you to control DansGuardian from Webmin, and edit the various list files and configuration files. Several features have been added such as a log analyzer and Groups support.
dgwin	Dynagraph for Windows is a graph editor and front-end for the platform-independent Dynagraph graph layout engines.  It consists of the Montage OLE Client-Server library, COM wrappers for Dynagraph, and graph editing components.
dh256	Fast 256 bit hash algorithm and simple command line utility. Also does sha-1 and sha-256.
dhadmin	Do you want to edit your /etc/dhcpd.conf file in simple way? Dhadmin is just for you. At startup it parses /etc/dhcpd.conf and then displays contents using nice text interface. After that you may change contents and save the file.
dhalsnet	WarStrunz: A tool to play WarCraft III lan games over internet with multiple server browsing capabilities. Can create server hosting that will become public to the warstrunz users. ROC, TFT and patches versions supported.
dharma	Check-in, check-out, and history for Visual Source Safe projects from Emacs and the Unix command line.  Another reason never to leave Emacs.
dharma-netcafe	A cross platform (Linux, Win32, Mac OsX) client-server internet cafe system written in RealBasic. Features include timing/billing, client management, membership, point of sale and reports. This project aim to ease administration of an internet cafe.
dharmaproj	Dharma Project: Sistema de Monitores Selectivos de Niveles de Señal
dhash	DHash is a a distributed and fault-tolerant hash table implemented in Python.
dhb-demos	This project aims to implement a PC-based computer graphics demo that is of the graphical calibre we expect to see running in real-time on next generation hardware consoles.
dhbnumerics	Smalltalk numerical analysis codes based on Didier Besset&#039;s &quot;Object-Oriented Implementation of Numerical Methods: An Introduction with Java &amp; Smalltalk&quot;, 2000, Morgan Kaufmann Publishers.
dhbrow	This is an early testing of an IE Firefox hybryd browser
dhcp-agent	dhcp-agent is a UNIX Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) suite that is extendable via Scheme using Guile. The suite currently ships with a beta quality DHCP client and sniffer.
dhcp-dns-server	Combined DHCP/DNS Server. DHCP Server alots host addresses and DNS Server first try resolving from DHCP alotted names then from Cache then only forwarding to External DNS. Relay Agent, PXEBOOT and BOOTP Support, Auto Config and auto Dynamic DNS update.
dhcp-load	Multithreaded DHCP Load Test Client
dhcp4java	Free open-source 100% Java DHCP Server: general purpose DHCP server ranging from a simple LAN server to a wide range WAN server handling millions customers. A general pupose DHCP API is also available as a stand-alone library.
dhcpd-pools	ISC dhcpd pool usage analysis for ISPs etc organizations that has huge dhcp installations.
dhcpdconf	A GTK+ configuration tool for DHCP daemon.
dhcpdman	DHCPDman is a python/pygtk project aimed at providing a single interface for managing a single DHCP server.
dhcpj	A pure Java DHCP library.
dhcpleasesmysql	This dameon allow monitoring of the ISC dhcpd leases, cpe/modems macs address (option 82) and store all datas into mysql database for reference. This script use perl File::Tail module to minimize load.
dhcpmap	dhcpmap offer ability to inject and capture DHCP traffic into your network. This can be valuable in testing protocol. dhcpmap is dependent on libnet 1.1.0+ and libpcap.
dhcpsnooper	DHCP snooper works as DHCP relay, it manipulates the packets so that they contain option82, the options82 data is collected by SNMP from the switches. This allows with ISCH DHCP to distribute IP address based on their physical source.
dhcpsql	This projects implements the RFC2132 and at least RFC3046 as a Dynamic configurable SQL based DHCP server, based on the udhcpd code, extended to mask-and-select by client DHCP packets.
dhcpstatus	DHCPStatus is a query tool for browsing information stored in DHCPD&#039;s .conf and .leases files. It correlates the subnet details in the .conf file with DHCPD&#039;s .lease records. It can be run either as a CGI program, or as a text-based command-lin
dhcptool	This tool is basically a support tool for our embedded ethernet-serial conversors. Basically is a &quot;mini suite&quot; composed of a dhcp server and a GUI to configure it. It runs on windows systems and in Unix systems.
dhcpv6	IP version 6 Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol
dhcpv6-linux	This is the first ever open source implementation of Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol for IPv6 (DHCPv6) server and client on Linux Operating System. The server provides leases (durations or lifetimes) on IPv6 addresses to the clients who request for i
dhcpv6-tr	DHCPv6-TR is the basic implementation of the DHCPv6 protocol in .NET framework. DHCPv6-TR mainly conforms to the following standards: RFC3315, RFC3118 and RFC3646. Secure communication between DHCPv6 Clients and Servers is the main aim of the project.[GD
dhcstockscan1-2	stock and future market scans [screens] for real time alerts for set conditions using candlestick charts and sma crossing  a green candle for a buy  signal and a sma crossing a red candle for a sell signal.
dhis	The District Health Information System (DHIS) provides for data entry, report generation, and analysis. It is part of a larger initiative for health care data in develoing countries, called the Health Information System Programme HISP.
dhl-integration	DHL Integration software which bridges DHL API servers over HTTPS via XML.    The software will allow developers of all skill levels to integrate DHL capabilities into any websites under developed.
dho	D.home.otic aims to produce a stable, scalable and upgradable home-automation system. Based on PIC microcontrollers and USB interface.
dhoomketu	Documentation and Tutorials for OSS in Bangla and English.
dhq	A distributed queue for use on overlay networks.
dhsd	DHSD is a daemon that will periodicly update any dhs.org dyndns records assigned to a network device.
dhsource	The DHSource project is a collection of games made by students from Doherty High School.
dhssim	This is a Simulink model of a district heating substation and a house. This model was developped as a collaboration between the div. of EISLAB at Luleå University of Technology and the dept. of Heat and Power Engeneering at Lund Instute of Technology
dht	DHT is chartered for an open source implementation of the Distributed Hash Table data structure. In this project we explore the latest research in DHT and make a highly configurable implemenation.
dhtfs	A filesystem which allows tagging of files. The file system dynamically generates a directory hierarchy from tags associated with files. This dyanamic hierarchy is very useful in browsing the contents of the file system in an intutive way.
dhtm	A PHP+Javascript+HTML+MySQL web/database application for keeping track of heirarchical information. Could easily be used for representation/management of structured data (outlining, task management, todo&#039;s, etc.)  Currently used as a To Do task mana
dhtml-3d	DHTML3D is a library allowing to display real-time 3D in internet browsers.
dhtml-gui	DHTML GUI Toolkit
dhtmlactivegrid	Create and support new version derived from ActiveWidgets Grid 1.0.2 GPL.
dhtmlcalendar	DHTML Calendar is a collection of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code that utilizes Mike Foster&#039;s CBE JavaScript library to add a dynamic calendar to any Web page. (Compatible w/ Konqueror, Opera, Mozilla,  Internet Explorer, &amp; Netscape Navigator).
dhtmlconsole	The DHTML Console is a cross-platform development tool for analyzing and debugging DHTML applications.  It provides rich logging capabilities, state inspection, runtime script execution, and can be used with no impact to existing application code.
dhtmldatepicker	The Boring DHTML Date Picker Widget is a robust control for easy selection of dates in your web forms.  It is \\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot;boring\\\\\\\\\\\\\\&quot; because was developed with usability in mind, instead of coolness. Works in IE 5.X and Mozilla based brows
dhtmldebugger	This Tool is intented to provide an easy debugging way to the browser-side developer. It can exposure the DHMTL model of your HTML document, and you can operate the model directly with it.
dhtmlgrid	DHTMLGrid is a Grid control designed using javascript DOM for displaying data on a webpage. It has all the functionality of a normal windows Grid. Currently it supports IE5+ and NN6+. For a demo of all the functionality visit the demo page.
dhtmllib	The DHTML library is thought as an enahncement to the server side logic processing. Enabling the user to make easy use of complexe DHTML functions which are crossbrowser compatible. Further info: dhtml.bit-heads.ch
dhtmlsudoku	DHTML Sudoku is a flexible, lightweight and easily portable interface for playing Sudoku puzzles developed using DHTML (HTML, CSS and JavaScript).
dhtmlwidgets	dhtmlwidgets is a collection of DHTML Widgets including a calendar style date picker, div popups, an html SELECT combo box dropdown replacement that does not overlap other blocks, and other widgets.  Uses a PHP API (simple function calls)
dhtmlwindowmngr	DHTML-Window-Manager is a free Window-Manager inside a Webbrowser.
dhttpd	Another fast and secure webserver. Started as a toy, growing up to be an apache killer. Making life easier for admins. Fully featured. Fully secure. Fully blazing.
dhttproxy	DHTTProxy is an http proxy server that implements content filters, (transparent) redirection, and works transparently.
dhubler	Configuration framework for installing, upgrading and configuring system applications.
dhvani	dhvani - A Text-to-Speech System for Indian Languages developed by the Simputer Trust developers and others. Current - C/Linux implementation, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil, Malayalam Support. Soon - better phonetic engine, Java port, language independent framew
dhwt	DHTML Window Toolkit project&#039;s purpose is to create a Java ServerFace based Microsoft Common Control style implementation to ease the pain from migrating MS web application to Java platform
dhx	A web based system for management of all entities involved in the production and retail of windows and doors using Java.
dhyana	dhyana is a gui (written in gtk2-perl) that allows to transfer files from/to a number of portable audio player devices including the nomad jukebox, the zen series and others. it includes a powerful audio file tagger.
di-interpreter	text-based, syntax-strict, interpreted, language whose interprtation program is programmed in C++ using the AP libraries (apstring, apvector).
di3	DI3 is a distributed information retrieval system
di3d	An opensourced modeling/rendering package with a highly modular framework.
dia-grams	Various Dia add-ons, including objects, templates, etc.
dia-pyatt	PyAttributes is a plugin for the diagram editor Dia that enables you to add arbitrary metadata to a diagram and it&#039;s content.
dia2anim	dia2anim creates a GIF animation from a schematic of a scene (drawn using\nDia).
dia2code	This program generates code from an UML Dia Diagram. Currently supported languages are: Ada, C, C++, C#, IDL, Java, PHP, PHP5, Python, Ruby, shapefiles and SQL.
dia2cpp	Convert dia design to C++ files.
dia2fsm	dia2fsm reads DIA diagram files constructed in the prescribed format and produces Finite State Machine (FSM) skeleton code. dia2fsm currently supports code generation to C and C++ and is built on Win32 (WIN2K) only.
dia2sql	Dia2SQL is a Perl script to convert UML objects in DIA ( see http://www.lysator.liu.se/~alla/dia/ for more info on DIA ). Currently, it processes Dia documents exported as Encapsulated PostScript ( EPS ).
dia2sqlpy	A Python script to convert Dia XML files storing a UML diagram into SQL create statements.  Ideal for designing a database with Dia and creating it on MySQL or PostgreSQL.
diaanpro	This project is about developing a simple webbased tool for diabetic patients. People can enter their sugar-levels and this tool will store this for analysis. In the future this will be extended with information about the patient has eaten.
diaav	Dia-AV is written in Visual Basic 6 for MS Windows XP. The project&#039;s purpose is to provide a program for organising your slide, CD or musicfile collection.
diabeteo	Diabeteo offers opportunity to simulate the effects of changes in insulin and diet on the blood glucose profile of a diabetic patient. It can upload meter and insulin dosing data and generate charts to help identify patterns.
diabetesdiary	This is a project to make a web-based diabetes diary, logging blood sugar, medicine, excercise, and other info for both home based devices and WAP (mobile phones, PDAs, etc.), plus adding the options for customer alarms via SMS and/or e-mail.
diabetestools	The home page is up to date now and I am looking for a way to fund the development of this project. Look at the home page for more inforamtion on what it&#039;s about and the news items below for the latest developments.
diabetic-log	Diabetic Log Book is a simple yet very functional log book to keep track of blood sugar readings, time, dates, insulin dossages, etc ...
diablo	Diablo Bot is an extensive IRC Bot written entirely in perl. Current development versions include expanded command flexibility, easy modular support, and isolated configurations for multipule networks.
diablo95	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
diablog	Diablog is a web-based blogging tool that requires no databases. Uses XML for data storage.
diabloiiasernal	The aim is to provide a handy tool to manage items for Diablo II characters. It is different from other .d2s related projects that D2Arsenal observes the rules and won\\&#039;t spoil the game.
diacanvas	DiaCanvas is a library for drawing diagrams. It is completely Model/View/Controller based and has a Visio (DIA) look. The package also contains a Python wrapper for the library.
diacritice	Project &quot;Diacritice&quot; promotes the use of Romanian diacritics when using free software tools to read, write or manipulate Romanian text.
diacze	You can use this application to create UML,EML diagrams,ER,ERD,state diagrams,network topology schema,Cisco networks,component models,process models, business models.\nIn many ways this application contain more functions than Microsoft Visio and it is fre
diadbdesigner	DiaDBDesigner is a standalone module for constructing databases with the help of the diagram creation program Dia. In an easy to use environment you can join multiple diagrams together to form one model of interconnected tables.
diagnose	Customizable WYSIWYG vector editor with powerful support for any kind of diagram creation (flowcharts, sequence diagrams, etc.)
diagram	This has evolved into GreenUML. See http://green.sf.net. This package is 100% pure Java(tm) designed for use with a 1.3 or better JRE. The package implements a Swing component that enables the creation of many types of diagram, flowcharts or similar tool
diagramador	Is a software for design algorithms by diagrams.\nEs un software para diseñar algoritmos de diagramas de flujo.
diagunit	A diagnostic tool for the C++ program.
diakonos-editor	Diakonos is a customizable, usable console-based text editor. Scripting, bookmarking, regexp searching, parsed indentation, macros, a multi-element clipboard, multi-level undo, a customizable status line, keybindings, syntax highlighting.
dial-utils	A collection of utilities for testing, configuring, debugging and othewise playing around with the Dialogic/Intel NetStructure telecommunications boards.
dial2net	Easily setup your dialup connection along with your internet connection sharing LAN.
diald-top	Maintains a &#039;top&#039;-like listing of all packets and their time to live for use with diald (tested with version 0.16 &amp; 0.99.[34]).  This project needs a new lead developer as the author no longer uses diald.
dialdtmf	dialDTMF is a library for dialing DTMF&#039;s (it is not a DTMF tone generator). An example usage of the library is included which is a Pocket Contact plugin to dial telephone numbers from a PDA running the Microsoft Pocket PC platform
dialect	Dialect is an interpreted programming language with GUI, networking, and object oriented capabilities.
dialectwebmail	Dialect is a full featured php based webmail client.  Utilizing CSS/XHTML and PHP makes for a fast, attactive yet professional looking interface.  Summarizing &amp; Regular message list modes are available.
dialektos	A machine translation program designed to accept verbal or text input and provide text or speech synthesized voice translation as output.  Makes use of 3 current open-source projects.  The source is currently C/C++ and embedded perl.
dialerdotnet	a .NET Windows TAPI Dialer With Outlook Contects Support
dialfix	A small Python script with Qt UI that generates DTMF dialtones. Can be useful to dial long numbers quickly without typing.
dialog	Dialog is yet another O/RM (object to relational) mapping tool for .NET; however, it also aims to be a complete architecture, focused on delivering measurable productivity gains by providing the foundation for actual rapid application development.
dialog-mp3-list	dialog-mp3-list generates a list of mp3 using XDialog/Dialog.
dialog4php	Wrapper classes for the commandline &#039;dialog&#039; program to allow easier user interaction for commandline PHP scripts.  Hopefully other dialog programs (xdialog, zenity etc.) will be supported in the future.
dialogcd	DialogCD is an all-in-one tool for mastering CDs and DVDs. It is a console based program, with a very intuitive interface, using dialog as frontend. The backend programs include cdrecord, cdrdao and dvd+rw-tools for a complete disk mastering experience.
dialogic	A complete Delphi/Kylix based interface for Dialogic hardware using the System Release 5.0 or higher.
dialoglayout	DialogLayout is a java layout manager.  Components are positioned relative to each other using constraints that avoid nesting.  Layouts scale to different sizes because the measurement system (dialog units) scales with the font.  Requires jdk1.4.
dialogml	DialogML is an XML-language for defining dialogs for setup-processes (e.g. configure and make). It deals with text-interfaces as well as full blown graphical interfaces. DialogML comes with a fallback-shellscript for shell-dialogs and the tool dialog.
dialognews	DialogNews is a dialog based RSS client. It can fetch RSS feed contents and display them in an interactive way using the well-known dialog&#039; program. It supports structuring news into categories, automatic update, automatic and menu-driven configurat
dialogpalette	DialogPalette is a visual, integrated design environment for the creation of telephony applications running on the Asterisk Open Source PBX.
dialogs	Dialogs Teacher-Moderated Student Interaction Forum: CGI Binaries Written In C
dialogsearch	DialogSearch is an experimental approach to web site searching, which uses the similarity between web pages to retrieve them. It is an alternative to hyperlink-based algorithms such as PageRank and HITS. BEWARE: This is only an experimental prototype.
dialogslt	XML styleseet and DTD for quickly building console-based GUI scripts utilizing the &quot;dialog&quot; command.
dialogue	Dialogue will be an web-based intranet solution based on php, xul, xml, xslt and sql. It&#039;ll require Mozilla or equivialent software to run and supports import from OpenOffice and Office2003-documents. It will be organized in modules.
dialogues	A universal database modeling layer that implements MVC so as to mask SQL code from Java objects that model data stored in the database.
dialoguesystem	A simple console-based editor for creating dialogues - like the ones in RPGs.
dialogus	SMTP server, POP3 server, LDAP server, IMAP4 server, WWW administrator&#039;s interface
dialow	Dialow is a Smart Surfer for Linux. It allows the user to choose the cheapest ISP at any given moment. It uses pon to connect to the web and provides a dialog frontend. It is written in Bash and Gawk. ISP information is retrieved from different providers
dialpak	Phone messaging system. Automatic Dialing-Announcing Device (ADAD)/phoning committee. Multiple mailboxes and dials the announcement to the list who need to hear it. For: BirthRight, CWL, dental appointments, PrayerChain, security alarms etc.
dialtimer	Dial Timer is a free, open-source, system tray application for Microsoft Windows and written with the latest ActiveState Perl for Win32. It is a small easy to use timer for dial-up-networking that shows a warning when you reach a customizable time limit.
dialup	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
diamandos	My feeble attemp to combine Ruby Jewel (another feeble attempt), with Rails, SQL kernel module, web service module, Ajax, ..., etc. (list not full)
diameter	Open source Diameter and Diameter related protocols.  Written in C++ (porting to Java is welcome!)
diamond-phplib	Diamond PHP Framework is a PHP java-like classes framework, designed to ease life for a day-to-day PHP web programming, based on PHP5 programming language. It&#039;s designed to bring real power of Object Oriented Programming to PHP platform.
diamondcrush	Diamond Crush is a videogame written in Java. It is based on OpenGL and can be run on any platform supporting Java 5 or 6.
diamondm2server	Legend of Mir2 Diamond Emulator, including: M2Server, RunGate, LoginSrv, LoginGate, SelChr, DBserver, LogDataServer and other tools.
diamondmud	A dynamic, object-based MUD engine with powerful security and persistence mechanisms.
diamondsearch2d	Diamond-Search-2D is a 2D-Graphic Networkgame for 1 to 4 Players. It&#039;s written completely in Java so all you need is a JRE.
diamondspin	DiamondSpin is a java toolkit to ease tabletop application developement. Tabletop application are collaborative softwares handling multiple simultaneous users, orientations of documents and fingers. http://www.merl.com/projects/diamondspin/
dian	Dian is a programming language including a group of toolkits. It is used for processing human language, especially Chinese.
diana	This is the project page for the Diana website project. We are develloping a system build for student organisations in languages like php, jsp etc.
dianaframework	Diana is a free MVP (Model-View-Presenter) Framework for Swing.
diane	DIANE -- Distributed Analysis Environment for Parallel Scientific Applications. Keywords: middleware, Master Worker Workflow Manager, GRID.
dianette	Project develops a specification for an abstract meta-language that can provide a XML representation of any diagram and a tool that take metadiagrams in that format and generate code of reusable software components in various programming languages.
dianti	Dianti is a software manager for anime video files. You can easily add records with multiples features. You can browse quickly with a command search and generate html or text files for trades.
diaparse	DiaParse takes a dia document and generates code and project files for several languages (c++,java,perl...)
diaper	Diaper, DIA Plugin for ER modeling is a tool which takes as input a Dia XML file describing a ER model and outputing SQL-92 standard statements. As of now, Diaper is one of few tools which is capable of handling several complex set of input ER models.
diaphragma	Provide many excellent components and extensions for Tapestry framework.
diarreanuke	DiarreaNuke es una traduccion de PHP-Nuke completamente en Espa?ol, tambien varios Modulos, Addons, Bloques y utilidades para PHP-Nuke en Espa?ol.
diarusie	Diary/Weblog/Journaling system. Easy to configure using (X)HTML tamplates and CSS. You can either use already included themes or create your own. Multilanguage support. Requires SQL database. Developed in PHP 5. All POSIX OS support.
diary-service	Service for worktime diary.
dias	Dias is a standalone, recursive directory indexing server. It is based on Apache Lucene and supports currently all Postscript-like, HTML-like and Text-like file formats. It is small, multi-threaded and easy to use. Works with FTP,SMB,WebDAV,eMail...
diasce	DiaSCE is C, C++ code editor for Gnome. It pretends to be a complement to Glade, so it doesn\\&#039;t include an environment for GUI\\&#039;s development. It has neither a debugger or other kind of tool to help debugging.
diascope	Slide show generator including a Ken Burns effect along smooth curves, user definable soft luma transitions, and easy audio integration.
diasgrid	DIASGrid is an open architecture able to: manage resource sharing in distributed communities; connect organisations over the web allowing them to collaborate, and share data; and make available APIs for the construction of more complex applications.
diaucsys	The application will be coded in Java and SQL. It represents an compleate auction management system where the users can register their goods and other users can browse them. Features will include: Overview over profit, estimated sell value and much more.
diaz	Diaz is a Java-based database framework. It is an abstraction layer for the JDBC API. It provides base classes for building Data Access Object classes.
diazy	Diazy is an application framework for the generation of source code from Dia UML models and the degeneration (reverse engineering) of source code to Dia UML models. This will allow developers to rapidly deploy object oriented design schemes.
dibble	The dibble project aims at designing a modular set of generic C++ components for environmental fluid mechanics
dibbler	Dibbler is a portable DHCPv6 implementation. Is supports stateful (i.e. IPv6 address granting) as well as stateless (i.e. option granting) autoconfiguration for IPv6. Linux 2.4/2.6 and Windows XP/2003 (experimental for NT4/2000) ports are available.
dibi	Smart Database Abstraction Layer. It&#039;s goal is make programmers life easy.
dibs	Backup your data by trading it with peers on the Internet.
dibs-ioc	Simple lightweight Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control object factory.
dic	dic is a simple, console-based disk catalogizer. It can easily add disks to the catalog, search in the catalog, search for files, automatically retrieve found files without requiring you to manually navigate through the source media, and more
dice	This is a program for generating random numbers!
dice-roller	Dice Roller is an all purpose RPG dice roller. It can roll up to 6 dice at once, allowing you to select the # of sides and +/- modifier for each individual die. It provides you with the total for each die and all chosen dice. You can also save presets
dicebot	A bot written in perl with IRC-rolplaying-gamers as intended audience. This bot can simulate various RPG-systems in the aspect of throwing dice for certain systems. It concentrates on Shadowrun and the World of Darkness, but can be used for about any RPG
dicedapples	A fast, portable, web-based, article portal system.
dicelib	DiceLib is a library written in Boo for the .NET Framework that provides common die rolling and dice string parsing functions for role playing games.
dicengrus	Dictionary program for Palm.
diceroll	A Free, Friendly And Easy To Use, Yet Powerful d20 System Dice Roller written entirely in C#.
diceroller	DiceRoller is a port of the popular game, Yahtzee, to the PC.  DiceRoller is written in Java, and requires the latest version of Java (or one with Swing) to run.  DiceRoller has an intuitive interface, dynamic scoring, themeable dice, and more...
dices	Dices is a complete client/server application for online role playing games. It contains many features like chat with private conversation support, a die launcher and many others...
dices5	Improved Dices Symulator for real RPG and Battle games.
diceshop	diceShop is a perl command line dice expression interpreter. It handles complex expressions - add, subtract, multiply, divide and exponents. it understands things such as 2d%, 2d%% (2d10000) and even 2d4d6 (2d4 lots of d6). a gui is being planned also.
diceware	The Diceware Password is based on a already create methods for creating these password. Run on Windows and coding in VB6.
dicewars	A clone of the DiceWars game; Software Engineering term project.
dicey	Dicey is a web-based dice roller and turn logger for Axis &amp; Allies, Axis &amp; Allies Europe and Axis &amp; Allies Pacific.  Dicey is used primarily in support of PBeM (play-by-email).
dicheck	dicheck - Duplicate IP detection tools. Uses both active and passive methods. Based on kernel arp patch and arping.
dick	Collection of board games (like tic-tac-toe) for QT, GTK and console. 4-in-a-row and tic-tac-toe implementations for now.
dicodess	Dicodess is a software framework for developing distributed cooperative decision support systems. It helps build DSS for mission-critical decision-making situations happening in dynamic, rapidly changing and often unpredictable distributed environments.
dicolib	DicoLib is a C++/STL library to efficiently store and search a dictionnary of words for applications such as word puzzles and spell checking.
dicom-cs	DICOM# open source project is intented to provide an OO class library for DICOM communication and will be developed purely by C# and running in .NET environment. DICOM# partially rewrites dcm4che open source project in C#.
dicom-fr	The goal of this project is to develop a class C++ multi-platform LGPL which acts as warper on the bookshops DICOM DCMTK and ConQuest.
dicom-sharp	DICOM software development library designed with rapid development support in mind and leveraging means of C# (attributes,events etc.).
dicom4j	Dicom4J is a free, and open source DICOM implementation in Java. The library is mainly focused on Network communications.
dicomemail-test	Test Suite for DICOM-E-Mail Teleradiology Protocol
dicomi	Dicomi: Distributed Cooperative Middleware
dicoml	DicoML provides the comfort of System.Xml with the standards-support of DICOM.
dicomparser	DICOMParser is a small, lightweight C++ toolkit for reading DICOM format medical image files. It builds on several platforms including Linux, AIX, HP-UX, IRIX, SunOS, Visual C++, Borland C++, and Cygwin. DICOMParser is used in VTK and ITK.
dicompchem	The Distributed Computational Chemistry System aims at providing an environment for performing a large number of related calculations, e.g. scanning a potential enegy surface. It will perform load-balancing and plan the next calculations.
dicomperl	DICOM.pm is a Perl library allowing interpretation of DICOM-compliant medical image files.  It can be used by applications to transfer, interpret, and archive DICOM files.
dicore	The goal is to create distributed code repository and infrastructure analogous to CORBA to operate code components contained in repository. Infrastructure is not intended to be as powerful as CORBA, but it us supposed to be simplier to use.
dicsmod	Small security kernel module
dict	Client/server software, human language dictionary databases, and tools supporting the DICT protocol (RFC 2229).
dict-common	dictionaries-common is a package for the Debian system intended to provide the infrastructure and automatic configuration for spelling tools and dictionaries packages.  It also provides a Policy for those matters.
dict-system	Dictionary System is a web-based application which supports a team development of a multilingual dictionary stored in MySQL database. The result is a dictionary saved in XDXF format(xml for dictionaries), ready to be published.
dictandwiki	A project to allow people to access the definition and information of any word from dictionary.com and wikipedia on which the cursor is by simply pressing control-d or control-w.
dictati	A dictionary like others perhaps. Its primary scope, thought, is to assist the specialized translators to collect word and expression translations in a dictionary, and to query, from the same interface the servers for other formats.
dictation	DICTATION  is an educational web tool to make dictations and/or translations. The words/sentences are stored in an SQL database by a teacher. She/he chooses from the database the words/sentences used in a dictation for the pupil/s. The pupils fill in the
dictator	Dictator is a program for reading text files by Rapid Serial Visual Projection.
dictbucket	A shared set of Python dictionaries accessible in a Linda-like way, for distributed computing.
dictem	DictEm is an extremely customizable Dictionary client for (X)Emacs. It implements functions of the client part of the Dictionary protocol (RFC-2229). It widely uses autocompletion and provides powerful API that allows to heavily extend its functionality.
dictexpress	A dictionary protocol server implementation written in Python. The goal is to create a full-featured dictionary protocol server, which makes the retrieval of word definitions from any source and in any language easy.
dictgadget	A very simple, configurable dictionary pop-up application works based on your clipboard.
dictinry	This is an extensible and reusable online dictionary application.
dictinstall	The Dictionary Installer is a small program for Microsoft Windows which makes it easier to install spell checker dictionaries into OpenOffice.org 1.0.
dictionary-bg	A Open Source project for dictionary. It will translate from English to Bulgarian and back. I prefer C++. Actually we can use Qt or .NET :)
dictionarymaker	DictionaryMaker is a graphical tool for creating electronic pronunciation dictionaries (for natural languages). The system allows a user to develop a pronunciation dictionary without requiring expert linguistic knowledge or programming expertise.
dictionarymid	DictionaryForMIDs is a dictionary application for Java-capable cell phones, PDAs and PCs. DictionaryForMIDs can be used with any dictionary for any language. The DictionaryGeneration tool is used to set up a dictionary for use with DictionaryForMIDs.
dictionaryqt4	Dictionary Qt4 is a dictionary and glossary application.
dictionarysaver	Mac OS X screensaver that shows the definition of a randomly chosen word on screen using the dict protocol.
dictonarium	Java based dictionary project.
dictosx	Dictionary client for Mac OS X (look at www.dict.org). It can read dictd dictionaries files right from disk - so you don&#039;t have to be on-line to search terms.
dictport	Project&#039;s main goal is to resemble Otto&#039;s Win32-based English-Bulgarian-English dual dictionary (found at http://get.to/otto) on Java 2 platform.
dictserv	Implementation of Dictionary Server Protocol (RFC-2229): Server and Client. Also available through webservice
dictwin32	The aim of this project is to provide a software for using dict protocol on windows operating system.
dictybase	dictyBase is a database application for Dictyostelium genomics.  The database software is intended to be of general use and usage of our software by other similar projects is encouraged.  Thanks to the Saccharomyces Genome Database (SGD) for lots of code
dictzce	windowsCE dictionary dict dictzip zlib
didac	Ein Schulinformationssystem f?r Lehrer, die Schulleitung und Angestellte der Schule um Lehrinhalte, Lehrpl?ne, Termine und Dateien leicht ?ber das Internet zu publizieren und auszutauschen.
didactor	Didactor is an Open Source E-learning environment, written in Java and built on top of MMBase (http://www.mmbase.org). Didactor consists of over 20 didactic components, like e-portfolio, assessment, competence management, group discussion, chat etc.
didah	A declarative and deterministic Lisp-like language.
didaskon	Didaskon will deliver a framework for assembling a curriculum from existing learning objects provided by e-Learning services. The selection of learning objects will be based on the semantically annotated specification of the user&#039;s current skills.
diddlebug	A sketching/&quot;Notepad&quot;-style application for PalmOS.
didgets	Didgets is a GPL-licensed object-based drawing framework.  It is written in C# for the .NET framework.  It is designed to illustrate and exploit the .NET framework.
didi	Digital Diary is a new way to take note of your daily life without the bother of maintaining a physical diary.Your diary entries can be secured with password. Multiple users can use this program with multiple accounts possible for a single user.
didia	Document intelligence and document information automation components for interoperable open source use, including search &amp; retrieval, harvesting, categorization and dynamic placement, scheduling, differencing engine, and analysis and management
didily	Scrumdidilyumptio.us is a tool that lets you express relationships between any two resources accessible by URLs and an experiment to see if a folksonomic approach to expressing relations can be successful where other relation-expression tools have failed
didl-plug-in	Mpeg21-DIDL distribution plug-in for DSpace Institutional Repositories
didma	DIDMA, (Distributed Intrusion Detection Using Mobile Agents).  &quot;Prevention is better than Cure&quot; - this dont work at all times, especially in distributed and computer networks.  So we incur potential mobile agents replacing classic centralized a
dido	Dido ( Distributed Downloader ) is a program for Linux and Windows for downloading a single file collaboratively from HTTP and FTP servers using multiple PC&#039;s.
didraw	DiDraw is a general purpose vector graphics drawing program. It is very easy to use even for novice users and still provides some advanced features. It is written in Java and runs on any platform supporting Java 1.3 or higher.
dids	Direct internet democracy: this interactive web-site allows any member of an organisation to propose and vote on laws/policy/other aspects of that organisation.  Uses PHP, Apache and MySQL.
diduce	Java bug detection tool based on dynamic invariants.
die	DIE is a 3D multiplayer deathmatch style game with cars instead of people.
die-crowd	die-crowd (the-crowd) is a php script for building a community page.
die-maschine	Die Maschine is a fast paced 3rd person action-adventure game. Take control of Maschine, a biomechanical cyborg in the post apocalyptic setting of Essen, Germany, and become the Oppositions only hope in defeating the tyranical Coalition forces.
die-statistik	\\&quot;Die Statistik\\&quot; is a player stats program specificly designed for the Day Of Defeat Half-Life modification emphesising player teamwork and fulfilling goals, rather than just who shot who how many times.
diee-mad	Faculty Portal with student services developed with Agile Methodologies in a Distribute Environment
dieemacs	Tired of Emacs? Coming from Mac or Windows platforms? Need a good editor? This is an attempt to create a new programmer&#039;s code editor, for Linux, using wxPython.
diegame	A Java Based Turn-Based RPG. This Game is based on a twenty sided die system like D&amp;D. It is Platform-Independent because of Java.
diego	DIEGO is a streaming mp3 server written in JAVA. It creates a socket connection on your local machine and listens for HTTP requests. It serves up dynamic m3u playlists which are read by WinAmp, which in turn streams the mp3 to your computer.
dienstplan	this project is implementing a dutyplan for volunteer work. It is meant to be an offline editor to enter open shifts to a web based SQL Database.the language used is Java1.5
dieonline	DIE Online! A first person shooter, a one for all shoot out! And the best part is... Its FREE!
diesel	Diesel is a generic file generator that uses domain-specific model files and reusable cartridges to create directories of output files.
dieseldot	A visual Domain-Specific Language for Data Transformations, which generates programs for non-programmer domain-experts. The generated program will extract data from one source and converts it into a meaningful format defined by the user.
dieseltest	Dieseltest is an easy-to-use load testing tool for simulating hundreds or thousands of users on a website. It has a facility for recording scripts, playing them back, and showing the results in real time. Results can be exported for further analysis.
diet	DIET is a simple stand alone application that provides a simple mechanism to record income and daily expenses into persistent storage and thus also helping one to get an insight into their expenditure patterns, debit and credit balances.
diet-agents	DIET Agents is a lightweight, scalable and robust multi-agent platform in Java.  It is especially suitable for rapidly developing P2P prototype applications and/or adaptive, distributed applications that use bottom-up, nature-inspired techniques.
diet-pc	DIET-PC (DIskless Embedded Technology Personal Computer) is a software kitset enabling IT professionals to build an open source GUI appliance based on commodity x86 (PC), PowerPC (Mac) or ARM (handheld) hardware, using an embedded Linux methodology.
dietcms	Yet another CMS ;) ;)
dietpython	Diet Python is a flavor of Python w/ allegro, multiarray, umath, calldll, npstruct and curses builtin, all else nonessential to language ripped out. Size &lt; 3MB, 1% of PSF Python w/ full graphics development suite. Diet Python helps keep clients thin :
diettrack	DietTrack is a Gnome program for recording daily weight readings, filtering out daily fluctuations of those readings and presenting diet progress on a chart.
dif	Distributed Framework
difdaf	Library for manipulating and exchanging powder diffraction data files in various  formats.
diff-ext	Diff-ext is an extension for filemanagers such as Windows Explorer and Nautilus that allows to launch diff/merge tools on selected files.
diff3-ov	Gives an overview (in a graphical-directory-view) where changes have to be done/expected on a three-way-diff. Not to be used for the actual diff/merge itself, but usefull to get an overview in advance.
diff4j	Diff&#039;ing for Java. A java-based class library, cli and ANT tasks for diff&#039;ing various things (directories, text files, binary files, xml files).
diffdev	Diffdev (DIFFerential block DEVice)  provides a transaction capable block device, being able to get back your old datas in case of data loss. Intended for human errors recovering, its use is transparent to filesystems and may be implemented easily
diffh	Makes browsing diff output easy, converting it to highly-readable highlighted Wikipedia-style HTML. Supports input from diff or rcs/cvs diff. Output is in attractive and 100% valid XHTML/CSS format.
diffkey	DiffKey is a keyer plugin for the Linux video editor Cinelerra (it is included in release 1.2.0).  It allows bluescreen/greenscreen style keying and compositing, based on the difference between the current frame and a frame showing only the background.
diffmergevb	32-bit MS Windows (NT/2000/XP)
diffmk	DiffMk: Changebars for XML
diffmod	diffmod is a command line tool to compare the attributes of files and directories. Think of it as the diff tool but then for file modes and owners. It is able to compare 2 local directories or generate a listing of one directory and using that listing on
difforg	The purpose of the &quot;difforg&quot; project is to understand the organizational changes that keep taking place often in big corporates. Using this tool one can find \nout which employees were added/moved/removed from an org. It currently uses LDAP serv
diffpen	Look for changed/added/deleted files existing in your removable media.
diffr	Diffr compares two source files and graphically displays the differences side-by-side.  Sections of differences are highlighted and can be selected from either file and saved to a merged source file.
diffserv	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
diffserv4ns	This project provides DiffServ simulations improvements for the Network Simulator 2. The current version works for NS2 version 2.29
diffsync	Client/Server app that allows fast syncronization of folders across a network.  Uses diff algorithm and compression to quickly update a tree.
difftool	Java diff/merge tool and diff/merge api.  Allows merging/diffing of two files from common parent, or without common parent.
diffuse	Diffuse is a graphical tool for comparing and merging text files.
diffview	diffview is just one addon to patchutils,with this tool you can view, in a simplifyed way,only the sub-patches, that you want, of one (big) patch file. You can split patches.To simplify this, it makes the enumeration of the files and you can choose by it
diffx	A java API for comparing XML documents by analysing the sequence of XML events.
difmon	This application represents a fast, distribuited, multipurpose IP flow monitor. The package comprises a sniffing and filtering tool and a measurement data collector. It allows to customize flow definitions as well as the metrics.
difrac-calc	Program to simulate, design and optimize different diffractive optical elements, and to simulate the propagation of wave fronts in the Fresnel regime.
difro	A one key 64-bit encryption program designed for Linux and Windows. There is a console version, and also a GUI version provided by wxWindows.
dig-medien	A e-learning database where you can find assessments about the courses and the opinion you can give your own assesment about the course after you have visited it. The provider of e-learning courses have the opinion to upload new courses.
digdocdb	Agile Author is a framework for developing networked repositories of digital information such as digital libraries and content management systems.
digeniusdisk	DigeniusDisk (Command-Line) &amp; DigeniusDiskX (GUI) - Rip, Save, Load and Rename Movies on Harddrives of Digital Broadcasting Receivers based on Digenius Technology (Medion, Grobi...)
digest-it	DigestIt! is a tool to browse text files with full interactive cross reference. It is written for digesting source code. So there comes the name: DigestIt! I use it on several huge projects for more than 7 years.
digester-net	Digester.NET is an up-to-date version of the Jakarta Digester that&#039;s popular in the Java community.
diget	DiGet is the open source download manager for Windows. It unites functions of a download manager and a offline browser. Also it lets to search files in Google. It supports skins and integration with most popular browser - IE, Opera, Mozilla, Firefox.
digfragdie	DigFrag&amp;Die is a multi-player platform/maze game in the spirit of the classic King&#039;s Valley title released in 1985 for the MSX computer. Cartoonish, sneaky, intriguing, and a lot of fun.
diggall	Open Source clone of Digg. What&#039;s Digg? It&#039;s a news website that employs non-hierarchical editorial control. With digg, users submit stories for review, but rather than allowing an editor to decide which stories go on the homepage, the users do
diggclone	A digg.com clone. Digg.com is a community driven CMS, where the readers votes on stories, and the stories with the most votes get&#039;s on the front page.
digger	Digger is a multu-step data selection tool. You can build your own macro-language and use in form of simple mathematical formulas to select data.
digger-midp	Remake of the legendary 1980&#039;s PC game Digger for MIDP 1.0 devices such as mobile phones and PDAs.
digger-reloaded	Digger Reloaded is similar to the classical Digger game. It is written from scratch using the C++ language; it takes advantage of OpenGL for graphics, has a clever artificial intelligence and also provides the possibility of network playing.
digger7800	A conversion of Digger Remastered to the Atari 7800.
diggerjones	kylix(3)-version of the old classic game -boulder dash-, include jump and run elements.
diggin	Diggin&#039; will be a somewhat wacky 2D arcade puzzle game, which is inspired by the ancient Apogee game Paganitzu. You&#039;re an explorer, diggin&#039; his/her way through an ancient Aztec temple.
digi	DiGi is an open-source project providing infrastructure and tools for rapid building of portals. DiGi is a multi-portal system - you can create multiple portals in one installation. These portals can share content, user-base, permissioning, templates etc
digi-activist	Digital-Activist is an online hacking simulation game. PHP/MYSQL
digi-discussion	Digi-discussion is a free discussion forum providing expert help for people with bullying problems. Our aim is to solve those problems and to help reduce bullying worldwide.
digi-stories	Digital User Stories is a web-based tool for eXtreme Programming teams. It is used to help XP teams with Iteration planning and User Stories management.
digibbs	DigiBBS is a modern multilingual capable web BBS system for a centralized user management system aiming for a easy interface to modify other projects to plug in and use, like games and forums. Currently Blacknova traders, Promisance are available.
digibots	Simulation of a population of &quot;Digibots&quot; (imaginary creatures) in a 3-dimensional world. They have a DNA composed of 3 genes, controlling their moving mode, obesity, and a mortal disease. The world and some statistics are shown in realtime. Use
digibug	Photo print and gift commerce plugin for photo galleries (Coppermine, Gallery, others).  Similar to Shutterfly C4P model but allows admins to choose from 100+ products, set prices, keep profits and enable pro/event photography sales.
digibum	DigiBum (DIGItal alBUM) is a PHP framework for hosting your digital photos on the web.  Features fast auto thumb generation, skinnable look, private/public areas with password protection and more!
digicsp	A Windows IRCd based on the IRC Protocol with many additional features that will make administrating a Network a breeze.
digidash	DigiDash is an embedded graphical digital dashboard for the MegaSquirt EFI platform.
digiforce	DigiForce is a SDK for Linux/Windows with : Window(DX,GDI,X11,OpenGL), Bitmap(PNG,GIF,BMP,JPG,ICO), Sound(WAV,MP3), Video(AVI/DivX/VFW), multi-Threading, Network(IP), Servers(HTTP(IPP), FTP, SMTP, POP3, DHCP, DNS), OpenSSL, etc.
digify	digify is a simple identity verification and &quot;one-login, one-signup&quot; script that is comparable to Microsoft Passport and Sun&#039;s &quot;Liberty Alliance.&quot; Using multiple platforms of development and simple encryption techniques, digify i
digijsim	DigiJSim is a simulator for Logial Circuits. It is able to create and simulate logical circuits easily. So it is very helpfull for educational purposes.
digikam	digiKam is an advanced digital photo management application for KDE, which makes importing and organizing digital photos a &quot;snap&quot;. The photos can be organized in albums which can be sorted chronologically, by directory layout or by custom colle
digilab	Digilab is an C++ Object Oriented Digital Circuit Simulator, capable of simulating almost any digital circuit on the amateur and professional levels.
digilife	VM for self-organising ecosystem of evolving (mutating) economic agents. A.s must earn $ from (simulated) humans to rent processing resources, internet bandwidth, screen space, etc. Should mirror human intelligence if you believe Dawkins.
digiliv	The project covers the further devolpment of a Artificial Life research software program. It has been written in Java and should therefore be cross-platform compatible.
digimeente-mo	Digimeente MidOffice: An Opensource MidOffice Solution for electronic services in municipalities.
digimemoreader	Opens a DHW file as an array of strokes, where a stroke is just a list of coordinates.  The DHW is generated by the ACE CAD DigiMemo A501, a digital notepad.
diginav	The aim of this project is to develop new graphical environments for several mobile platforms such as PalmOS, Symbian OS and Windows Mobile. This is an open project, so anyone interested can take part of if according to the skills adquired and interests.
digio	Digio is Linux driver set for Digital I/O (General-purpose I/O) devices.
digiozgbook	DigiOz Guestbook is a PHP driven guestbook system that stores entries in a simple text file as serialized object. Features include image verification, entry flooding protection, administrative entry notification, bad word filter, and emoticons.
digioznetportal	DigiOz ASP.NET Portal is a web based portal system written in C# which uses Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL Database (others to come), which allows webmasters to setup and customize an instant website for either business or personal use.
digiportal	Digi-Portal is an Open-Source portal system developed using the PHP and MySQL languages. Currently looking for volunteers to help develop this project. Email me on krphilabaum@users.sourceforge.net!
digipsi	Digital Psionics develops a variety of scientific and entertainment software.
digipubappmanag	A Java GUI to manage DocBook parts like glossary, bibliography and blockquotes.
digiqual	Use Digiqual for manage a quality and environment system in a factory for ISO 9001 and ISO 14001
digiquest	A system to create and fill out digital questionaries, surveys and forms to collect data. Contains a flexible, condition based system for checks and flow control. Will run on Java platforms, PDAs and web servers.
digir	Distributed Generic Information Retrieval (DiGIR) - developing and testing a protocol for single point access to distributed data sources. Based on HTTP, XML, and UDDI.
digirocks	An os independent, portable reference application for rock climbers in the US. Use it to search for climbing locations by state,city,zip code, or your area, as well as access route information and local policies and contact information.
digisession	a very fast and easy text session package for perl
digisimulator	The DigitalSimulator is your Virtual Electronics Lab, allowing you to design, simulate and output your digital circuit board designs.
digit	Digital Circuit Simulation software. Simulates AND, OR, NOT, XOR... gates and propagation of signals through the circuit. Extreamly extendable through the use of classes conforming to certain basic interfaces.
digital	Digital IRC Services are geared toward helping users understand and have more control over their network. Our goals are to stabilize the source and be compatible with most ircd, ircu packages.
digital-album	Digital Album is a XHTML-PHP based application that allows you to access your photo albums using Highslide JS and add comments to each picture. This app doesn&#039;t need database.
digital-almanac	Planetarium software for Amiga.
digital-nomad	The ultimate goal of Digital Nomad is to become an experimental client for a serverless peer to peer USENET News network. The current release is still a regular NNTP server, but this is going to evolve.
digital-recoil	Digital Recoil is a MMORPG based on Planeshift&#039;s engine
digital-studio	This is a FrameWork (or API) for manipulating various digital media container file formats (AVI, MOV, MPG, MP3, etc...) and also various audio/video encoders/decoders (CODECS).
digitalbible	DigitalBible is an electronic Bible for Series 60 Cellular phones. It has been developed and tested on a Nokia 6600 (Amazing as it turned out that the Bible has 66 books).
digitalcampus	Digital Campus is a web/mobile based &#039;Information System&#039; for an Institute, focusing mainly on students who are the end-users, providing them different functionalities within the institute. It provides an e-learning framework.
digitalcola	Digital Cola? is an Australian can and bottle identifier for Coca-Cola? enthusiasts.
digitaleyes	DigitalEyes is an OCR (Optical Character Recognizer) developed in C/Caml released under GNU GPL by SuM42, as a sophomore project in EPITA.
digitalganzfeld	Digital Ganfeld is a software intended for helping researchers on realizing experiments using the Ganzfeld technique.
digitalgap	Mimio and 3M have a interactive whiteboard that they have created we want to create our own board and interface.  We would then create a database and GUI where the information will be stored.
digitalgraph	Digital graph 1.3 is an advanced JAVA SWING component for modelling, displaying, saving and loading graphs(using XML and XMLSchema). It is fully documented and requires jdk 1.5.x.Version 1.3 adds 9 bug fixs, 3 rengineering and 4 new features.
digitalguru	This is a one big project for support my other project. Home site for all my open source project, written for Linux and Windows.
digitalhardback	digitalHardback is a reading surface simulator written in java. It implements book marks, book history and variable font and size settings. It will also impliment textured backgorunds for text to give a real paper book feel.
digitalimgtool	(DIT)Digital Image Tool is the software for processing the images.
digitalmarks	DigitalMarks is a programm for administration of student marks.
digitalmessenge	DM Digital Messenger disigned to anonymously chat with friends.
digitalorigami	Bezier patch modeler for real-time graphics applications
digitalpali	A cross-platform Pali-English reader.  Allows intermediate Pali students to read the Pali Canon.  Automatically recognizes pali words and gives definitions from the CPED and PED, as well as DPPN if available.  Includes text search and dictionary lookup.
digitalproduct	Digital Product Manager is a PHP script that allows PayPal IPN integration in order to sell files, including an admin center that tracks and can edit all products and prices. It masks product urls to protect your files.
digitalscribe	Discover how to involve the whole school in curriculum technology integration with a broswer based PHP system that lets teachers easily publish student work and homework assignments.
digitalsook	conneries f0r g33ks
digitaltelugu	This project aims to become a repository of heterogeneous utilities for processing and displaying Telugu text using Unicode. Primarily, we would like to engage in collaborative efforts in developing utilities for inputting Telugu text using RTS.
digitalworkroom	Digital Workroom is a well proven and time-tested Content Management System. With Digital Workroom you may publish right after installation. The integrated preconfigured Example-application represents the full functional range.
digitization	Digitization is the process of converting that which is not digital into digital information to be shared with others. That is what this CMS currentally designed for blogs does. Includes unique features like advanced an template system and user accounts.
digitizer	This digitizing software tool converts an image file showing a graph or map, into numbers. The image file can come from a scanner, digital camera or screenshot. The numbers can be read on the screen, and written or copied to a spreadsheet.
digitlib	Digitlib is a open source digital library software which is developed at LRI (Laboratoire de Recherche en Informatique) of University Paris Sud Orsay France and LANI (Laboratoire d&#039;Analyse Numerique et Informatique) of University Saint-Louis Sénégal
digitme	The digitMe project is a ERP core for SOHO&#039;s. The core entities of the project are products, customers and suppliers and cover bussiness areas like salling and stock management. It&#039;s written completely in Java and uses the ejb3 technology.
digizzle	Digizzle is a program which helps to solve japanese puzzles (also know as nonograms, griddlers and &quot;paint by numbers&quot;).
digjim	The Java (All-in-one) Instant Messenger
diglib	Digital Library (DigLib) is special database system oriented to digital objects. Digital objects are any documents in digital form. For example text, software, audio, video, ... Digital Library store a metadata and fulltext (text/binary) of digital objec
dignodigit	Digitizer program to manually digitize data from graphic images. Allows for multiple calibrations and source image files for a single set of data series. Also includes an auto-export feature to streamline interoperability.
dignot	Digital Notary
digphp	DigPHP allows you to view the files and folders on a web server. It supports syntax highlighting of many different file types including: PHP, XML, (X)HTML, CSS, ASP and JavaScript.
digraphanalysis	A set of unix tools for analysis of information that can be represented as a digraph.
digs	DIGS stands for Dependability Infrastructure for Grid Services, and that&#039;s what it is. Here you should find tools and techniques to help you to write dependable (fault tolerant) Grid services. For Java only at the moment.
digsig	DIGSIG is a little tool for Signing Files by adding the signature and the file itself into a ZIP-File. The signature can by verified also.
digtedi	Platform independent telephone directory implemented in python
digtree	DigitalTree, a tool for displaying layouts of biological data in a weighted tree. Preserveing ratios of weights between edges of a tree and ensureing no edges will be crossed were introduced.  Analyzing both microarray data and phylogenetic trees.
dihnpbrj	Another IRC Server made for a UNIX school project. It is written in C++, and respect the IRC RFC.
diit	This project provides a simple Java-based steganography tool that can hide a message inside a 24-bit colour image so that knowing how it was embedded, or performing statistical analysis, does not make it any easier to find the concealed information.
diiwm	DiIWM (Di IIs Web Manager) is a web application written in VB.NET to manage IIS6.0. Both WMI and ADSI is used. DiIWM can connect and manage local and remote IIS. DiIWM also provides an assembly (Di) written in C# to manage IIS6.0.
dijimarc	A bug tracker that will enforce quality assurance and regression testing and will provide company and personal progress reports.  Written in PHP using mySQL.
dijinni	A well designed and implimented firmware for the Dijinni concept cellphone/pda/mp3 player.  This will include a library (libdj) between the os api and the firmware, mp3 playing, cell phone management, a pda with address book and calendar, and possibly ga
dijiportal	dijiportal is a modular web portal written in php and using mysql, providing a CMS (Content Management System), an advanced skin/template and cache management with Smarty and a database stored code for modules.
dijjer	A peer-to-peer system designed to support the distribution of large files from web servers in a manner that is transparent to both web server and http client software, while dramatically reducing server bandwidth requirements.
dijkstra	Simple Dijkstra shortest path implementation - for learning and teaching
dijmailmng	Cross-platform (Windows-Linux) e-mail management program, designed for people who use both operating systems in the same machine; the messages are stored in a Windows partition, and are shared by the two versions of the program. So the user uses the same
dikko	dikko is a multi-language dictionary.
diksel	Diksel is a framework for easily creating new structures for combining user-provided content.
dikt	A Free Software WordWeb alternative
dikteasy	dictionary project for malayalam language
diktio	Diktio is a webbased editor/runtime system for virtual tutor networks. Tutors can define learning networks and make them online available for their students.
diktyologia	Diktyologia is software for investigating complex systems with advanced methods of network theory. The package allows for analysing statistical properties of intercausal networks that are represented in form of cy.prus XML files.
diku-kantine	Various software projects related to running the student caffeteria at the Computer Science Department, University of Copenhagen.
dilate	A cross-platform winamp/xmms plugin similar to the AVS.
dilbertengine	The Dilbert Engine is an isometric engine for isometric games (wow!) being written in Visual Basic, and using Direct Draw for graphics rendering, although eventually I hope that it will be a COM object, and available to use in any COM compliant language.
dile	Dotnet IL Editor (DILE) is an editor program which helps modifying .NET assemblies. It is intended to be able to disassemble .NET assemblies, modify the IL code, recompile it and run inside a debugger.
dilimece	This project consist in the development of a distributed linux media center. It will be developed in Java. It will use (as far as possible) open source java libraries and applications to display audio, video, image and tv.
dillo	Dillo is a graphical web browser that&#039;s completely written in C, very fast, small in code and binary (less than 230 Kb!).  It basically depends on GTK+, and renders a good subset of HTML (no frames), no jvm, no javascript.
dillustrated	Death Illustrated is a 3D First Person Shooter designed to give the effect of deathmatching inside of a 3d underground comic book.
dilm	Distribution list maker (DILM) is a program for making lists of Linux distributions released over a period of time, the completed lists can then be exported in HTML format.
dilps	DILPS (Distributed Image Library Processing System) is a PHP/Smarty/MySQL based image library with focus on scientific content (art history, ...). It supports the interconnection of different DILPS installation for distributed research.
dim	The DiM Project is going to be the next revolution of casual online communications.
dim-analysis	A class library to support dimensional analysis, units of measurement, and unitary transformations.
dimage-color	GIMP plugin converting pictures produced by the Minolta DiMAGE 5/7 into sRGB colorspace.
dimballs	An OpenGL 3D game, written from scratch. Provided as freeware mostly as a source of inspiration to help others.
dimdim	Dimdim is an open source web conferencing product with features like Application, Desktop and Presentation sharing with A/V streaming and chat. No installation is needed on the Attendee side and all features are available through a web browser.
dime	Add-on library for Allegro. Provides a very simple API for opening dialogs: You need one function call with a format string specifying a number of data fields. The library then opens an appropriate dialog. 3d look. Includes extra gui objects.
dimension3	At first this engine should be a possibility for non-expierienced 3d-developers ( like I am one ) to improve their skills by working on a bigger project.
dimensionim	Instant messenger daemon with completely customizable GUI interface
dimes	DIMES marks the next phase in distributed computing, aiming to research the structure of the Internet with the assistance of thousands of volunteers from all over the world. DIMES will provide users services such as Internet mapping and &#039;weather&#03
dimetools	It&#039;s a collection of Perl modules to parse and generate DIME messages. DIME messages are binary encoded and can carry any content type. The objetive to reach is to allow interoperability between several SOAP implementations that use DIME attachments
dimga	Distributed Island Model Genetic Algorithm (C++, TCP/IP)
dimit	Dimit is a lighting control program written in C++ which will be specific for movie theater applications where fixtures must start and turn off independently depending on the theater they are in.
diml	The DIML Project is the result of 6 years investigation in the domain of Web productivity. It implements a full open source and powerful template language and precompilator, allowing portable &quot;web screens&quot; to be written in PHP and/or Perl envir
dimple	The Digital Image Processing Library (dimple) is a C++ class/algorithm library for image processing. Dimple consists of a wide range of image processing routines which can be viewed as low- to mid- level vision tasks.
dims	Cosmopolitan Image Management System, basically an image gallery php script in the works.
dimsam	Deployable Image Metadata Solutions and More: Organise and record image metadata, deploy to a searchable web gallery, optimised for speed with an affective user interface.
dimthescreen	Quick Dim The Screen is a Small Mac OS X application made mainly to test hacks on Apple&#039;s (Private) Airport Framework and my own objective-c skills.
dimvisual	DIMVisual stands for Data Integrated Model for Visualization. It is also an implementation to integrate information from different sources such as MPI traces and Ganglia metrics. The integrated information can be analysed in the visualization tool Pajé.
dimwit	Domain51 Integrated Manual, Wiki, and Issue Tracking (Dimwit) is just that, an all-in-one, lightweight system for handling the administration of a project.  Uses Subversion and PHP5.
dimwit-orac	Modules: Speech/Sound Processor, Image Processor, Object/Event Modeler, Rule/Procedure Builder, Arm Controller / Speech Synthesizer, Object/Event Tracker, Rule/Procedure Generator/Tester, Detail/Synergy Examiner, Coordinator, Backup/Idle System.
din-phpbb	This is the code base for the modified phpBB distribution used on die-informatiker.net
dinah	A text based environment to introduce the terminal to new users. It incorporates other programmes such as elinks, mutt and vi with interactive documentation to allow users to learn about their systems through using the terminal for most basic tasks.
dinamed	Distributing name daemon. Derived from lbnamed. Used to serve you your local CPAN mirror when you ask for ftp.perl.org.
dinamicforecast	Neuronet-based model for choosing and applying an appropriate method for forecasting finantial time series.
dinaphysics	C++ Programming library for programming physics models and simulation of these models. Though the focus of the library is on models of real world vehicles such as cars, bikes and aircraft, the library design is generalized to be used for many apps.
dinate	Dinate is a tag editor and renamer for mp3 files
dindex	2D, 3D objects indexes(Quadtree, Octree, Quadtree with objects radius indexation), fast geometry find functions, template classes (like std::vector) with embedded 2D ( 3D) indexation and fast search features.
dindexer	CD/DVD cataloguing tool with support for ZIP archive and file metadata scanning. Can browse &amp; search volumes offline and search within archives and selected metadata fields. Can import/export database.
dineamix	Hospitality Touch Screen Point of Sales System for Linux.
dinemix	The Project DiNeMix es un software para RADIOAUTOMATIZACION BROADCASTING, usando BASS.DLL y BDE Databases.
dinero	A simple personal finance manager
ding	This is an expandable RSS retrieval engine, it has contained the spider, the full text index and so on
dingo	Dingo is a pluggable Schema Compiler for .NET and will generate C# code. The goal is to provide a simple way to generate Domain Objects. .NET XSD currently only generates Data Objects. Dingo can delegate code generation with high granularity.
dingoui	Dingoui is a GUI for Go applications, which are compliant with the GMP standard. It also follows the SGF standard for the recorded games, and implements the rules of the Canadian Byo-yomi system. Based upon GTK+, it particularly fits good to GNUGo
dingoxml	DingoXML is an online (web based) xml editor that can edit any xml node/element within an xml file and validate it according to w3c xml rules.  It will be platform independent and implemented using java (java.sun.com), dom4j (www.dom4j.org) and jsp/servl
dink	Windemere aims at rewriting and improving the game &quot;Dink Smallwood&quot;.
dinkit	This project is intended for those who are interested in the workings of an Operating System. It&#039;s made easy to understand. This project is a series of program packages. The packages are progressive... from the simplest to a complete working OS.
dinktranslation	Dink Translation is an effort to translate the Dink Smallwood game and everything related in your language, make the translation process easier and faster, and coordinate it.
dinnerparty	Dinner mystery publishing system.  Programs for electronically publishing &quot;Who-done-it&quot; stories, with &quot;fill in the blank&quot; capabilities so that the host can create a custom invitation and story for each guest.
dino	32-bit MS Windows (95/98)
dinoblog	Advanced template driven php/mysql journal and bloging system.
dinocms	DinoCMS is two parts, the user frientdly gui interface, and the system core that runs it. perfect for the user or the site admin.
dinogendivx	dinogendivx is a graphical mencoder front-end. It can convert DVD in divx, reduce avi size and other things like this.
dinoresume	DinoResume is a template and class based online resume builder. Users can enter any information they want, select a template, and build the resume. Similiar to monster.com but the user chooses the html based tpl template.
dinos	dinOS (Dinos Is Not an Operating System) dinOS is a simulated operating system with education purposes.
dinoseq	Dino has moved to Savannah. The URL to the new project page is http://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/dino/
dinotrace	Dinotrace is a Verilog/VHDL waveform viewer for logic design traces for Linux/Windows X11.  It includes color highlighting and back annotation of trace values onto source code inside Emacs.  Please see www.veripool.com/dinotrace for lastest tarballs.
dinoworld	Project DinoWorld simulates entire Isla Nublar from Jurassic Park I with dinosaurs, computer system, people. You can walk through the park and experience everything. Try it, act as John Hammond or Dennis Nedry in this giant simulation over the Internet!
dinstall	An installation script for Star Wars Dark Forces
dinstcogjavatoo	This tool was written in Java which provides a friendly GUI, flexible instrumentation, and the ability to monitor multiple java applications. There are several monitor options for users to choose: methods, block, instructions.
dinx	An experimental windowing system that runs on the Linux framebuffer driver.  Aimed at low memory Linux systems, like handhelds.  The first public release includes draggable windows and a simple image viewer.
dio48s	Linux kernel drivers for a 104-DIO-48S and multiple Polaroid sonar sensors.
diodos	Simple utility to test results of your programs. You set up possible problems, supply the answers, and you are ready. Users connect through web interface, and submits solution. Diodos detects for which problem it is, compiles, and returns results.
diogene87	Diogene87 is a powerful scheduler for Linux. It provides advanced features : centralized management, remote job execution, job dependences, start condition,  job monitoring ...
diogenes	Diogenes is a tool for searching and browsing the databases of ancient texts, primarily in Latin and Greek, that are published by the Thesaurus Linguae Graecae and the Packard Humanities Institute.
dioler	Crawls the web for audio files (MP3, WAV, OGG, etc.).
diomwebmail	Diom Webmail is a webmail client written in PHP to interact with an IMAP server.  Diom Webmail is easily configurable, with common features like sending and recieving messages and attachements, as well as an address book, and spell check.
dione	Genetic Programming framework written in Python.  Takes advantage of python\\&#039;s compiler to make things simple.  Includes basic genetic operations (rank/roulette selection,crossover,mutation,steady state,elitistm ...)
dionisio	DioNiSio is a DNS scanner written in pure C without any dependance on other libraries or tools. It implements three types of scans (dictionary, inverse resolution and recursive zone transfers) and can detect DNS misconfigurations.
dionysoa	Reseller/Broker service platform using SOA and Webservices. Connect with a client to the Broker-Server, which collects information about available products through webservices and works them up  for the client.
dionysos	MediaServer to manage MP3 files and other media. Collect media&#039;s meta information and play it on a central home/office entertainment server. Inspired by James Ponder&#039;s MServ (http://www.mserv.org). More infos: http://www.nightlabs.de/projects/d
dios	The start the next generation of operating systems to replace POSIX UNIX.  Flexibel and Powerfull, but most of all: Experimental.
diosteama	DiosTeAma is an IRC bot project using irssi
dioxygene	DioXygene is a project of a new calculator using a motorola processor. It will have a multitasking operating system and a support of RPL, C and ASM language directly on calc.
dip	The Delphi Information Processing framework is a set of Delphi components for quickly assembling information processing networks from base components. These include components for reporting, file manipulation, data entry, and more.
dip-g	C-based API for digital image processing on GPUs using Cg or other shading language to access GPU functionality. Highly efficient, easy to use. Submitted to GPGPU workshop of ICCS 2006 in Reading, UK. Will be available online after  acceptance.
dipc	DIPC stands for Distributed Inter-Process Communication. It enables you to build and program clusters of Linux computers very easily. It provides, among other things, Transparent Distributed Shared Memory (DSM). No special hardware required
diplib	DIPlib - is Digital Image Processing Library, implemented with C and OpenGL programmable pipeline(ARB(NV)_fragment_program and ARB_fragment_shader).
diplo	Diplo - a long-term web-based &quot;Diplomacy&quot; game
diplomacy	An implementation of the famous german multiplayer board game &quot;Diplomacy&quot;.
diplomator	A java Diplomacy game capable of resolving orders, with a dumb AI.  Usable from either a GUI or a CLI.
diplomka	To je moje diplomová práce
diplovariance	The objective of this project is the advancement of Diplomacy in the electronic realm by producing an XML Diplomacy data standard and a suite of server and client tools to facilitate Diplomacy play over the internet.
dipmap	Automated MapMaker for the Diplomacy boardgame. Using Genetic Algorithms and some user-defined criteria, DipMap will try to generate a playable Diplomacy map.
dipmt	A BSD Ports-like package managing tool that inherits the UNIX philosophies. DIPMT is designed for high clarity, absolute irrestrictability and strong extensibility to provide simple mechanism while keeping as same ability of using sourcecode as possible.
dipper	Dipper is a project to collect and report on call data from one or many distributed PABX(PBX) Systems.  It is constructed in a modular format using Java technologies for maximum flexibility.  The collection modules run in Linux or Windows as services.  A
dips	A WebERP-System
dipsforjmax	The DIPS, \\&quot;Digital Image Processing with Sound\\&quot;, is the set of Max objects that handles the real-time visual image processing events and the OpenGL functions in the jMax GUI programming environment.
dipstych	DipStych is a simple program that stitches together multiple images.
diptool	An application for use while playing the board game Diplomacy that times the seasons, displays information, and scores games. There will be a release when I post a release, so stop whining! :-)
diptoy	Digital Image Processing Toy process in real time live images captured from video4linux compatible hardware. Remove background from captured tv camera images, invert image colors, split rgb field, display coor istograms, etc.... Strong changes in light i
diqt	Diqt is a WWW-based multilingual dictionary reference tool. That is, dictionaries of many languages can be searched using a web browser. Any language is available if you have its dictionary data.
dir-gallery	Directory Gallery erlaubt es Bilder einfach in ein Verzeichnis zu laden und schon werden sie automatisch Verkleinert, mit einem Wasserzeichen versehen uind angezeigt. Eine Textdatei erlaubt zusätzliche Informationen zum Verzeichnis bereit zu stellen.
dir2exe	A very simple file compressor written in Perl. Compresses dirs to self-extractable exe. Uses UHARC and RAR utilities.
dir2html	dir2html takes a list of files in a directory, and outputs the list into an HTML file.
dir2txt	Directory Output to Text/CSV/SQLite/XML.
dir2usb	This project is send to usb port from files under directory.
dir2web	This software allows you to create a website in a totally automatical way using an innovative procedure: it dynamically turns a directory tree (uploaded to a web-space) into a fully functional and fully customizable website. (required PHP/MySQL)
dir2xml	Generates an XML document from a directory structure.
dir3d2	From name you can feel some similarity from dir3d software-old program for 3D surfing filesystem. In this line I&#039;d like to go, but using c#,DirectX and .NET 2.0 frameWork.God help me.Please read notes berofe running any application and post to forum
dirac	Dirac is a general-purpose video codec aimed at resolutions from QCIF (176x144) to HDTV (1920x1080) progressive or interlaced. It uses wavelets, motion compensation and arithmetic coding and aims to be competitive with other state of the art codecs.
dirb	DIRB - URL Bruteforcer: DIRB is a Web Content Scanner. It looks for hidden Web Objects. It basically works by launching a dictionary based attack against a web server and analizing the response. DIRB main purpose is to help in web application auditing.
dirbrowse	dirbrowse is a progression from the old phpfilels/phpfiles directory browsing script, with new added features and improvements. Essentially, dirbrowse is a simple to use and configure PHP based directory browsing script.
dirc	DIRC is an attempt at a distributed IRC client/server (every client is a server).  The DIRC network is best described as a broadcast peer-to-peer udp network.  This project is officially abandoned, if you want to take over, email me.
dircal	dIRCal is an IRC Client plugin for Decal which uses the existing Asheron&#039;s Call chat interface.
dircb	Its a simple IRC Bot, made in Visual Basic.\nUsed by Abused Armchairs.
dircbm	Plugin Extension for TotalCommander to extract/view/create CBM (Commodore Business Machines) disk images Keywords: C64, 1541, 1571, D64, D80, D82, T64, 8050, 8250
dircbot	An IRC bot, written 100% in Glib/C, with dynamic plugin functionality, easiness of programming (plugins/core) and speed as key points. Primarily intended for use on our own IRC channel (#dutch @ irc.chatjunkies.org), but might be useful for others as wel
dirclean	DirClean is a command line tool for deleting empty directories within a folder structure and is ideal for tidying up large folder structures such as music libraries.
dirconsole	The LDAP Directory Console allows administrators to manage their LDAP server using a web interface. The web application is completely extensible with snapins to edit particular object types or attributes.
dircproxy	dircproxy is a detachable IRC proxy server that keeps you on IRC logs private and channel messages while you are detached then when you reconnect, spools them to you as if you hadn&#039;t been away.
dircreator	The purpouse of the Directory Creator project is to produce a software program that will make a numbered directory listing (playlist) of a CD containing MP3s in the same fashion as the Aiwa CDC-MP3 CD Receiver does.
direcpc	Provide a Linux driver and application in order to allow satellite Internet users the use of their favorite Operating system.
direct3d9hook	A Direct3D9 Wrapper
directaccess	Plug-in Access/Jet database driver for Borland Delphi and C++Builder (BDE replacement)
directaid	DirectAID is a web based application to support aid and relief operations in suffering areas. The app provides the connection link between on the spot aiding teams or organizations and individual donors or donation collecting teams.
directchess	Two player chess game to be played over TCP/IP, e-mail or a through a website.
directconnect	Project is designed to write and support open standards and open source interfaces between travel and transportation providers and the distribution channels.
directdisk	DirectDisk for Win2000/NT allow you to directly access physical sectors from floppy, hard disks, logical volumes and CDRoms.
directfiletrans	Direct File Transfer allows people to transfer files online.  The GUI lets users configure the neccessary server and client for file transfers.  This solves the problems other methods present.
directftp	DirectFTP help you transfer file between 2 servers directly.
directhd	DirectHD (for &quot;Direct HelpDesk&quot;), is a PHP/MySQL helpdesk system based on simple and flexible database browser. The standard version allows you to manage Tickets, Users, Hardware, etc... But once cutomized, DirectHD can manage any kind of infor
directkonnect	A Neo Modus Direct Connect compatible client for KDE
directmidi	C++ MIDI class library based on DirectMusic/DirectX
directmysql	Managing MySQL databases, tables and records in tables via Direct TCP/IP Connection.
directnet	DirectNet is a serverless instant messaging system.  Rather than every client connecting to a given server, they connect to each other and messages are passed across the network.  Thus, it can be a full IM network, or a LAN chat network.
directo	A program written in perl designed to track how many hits differant websites or links have generated. And who or where they are from
director	A general purpose desktop tool. It allows the user to customise their desktop by creating menus of useful commands and icons to attach the menus to. Any number of menus or icons can be created and attached in any order to each other.
directorio-web	This software is meant to be a easy-to-use, portable and friendly web-based address book. By providing a basic authentication, users can mantain their personal contacts, phones, addresses, e-mails, etc., from a simple web browser.
directory	Directory Add-on for PHPNuke with the purpose of creating an online directory of community information.
directoryadmin	&lt;h1&gt;This project has been moved to http://diradmin.open-it.org&lt;/h1&gt;
directoryidol	DirectoryIdol is a easy-to-use program that tells you which file (or directory) is taking up too much of your limited disk space in a way that you feel comfortable with.
directorymanage	Directory Manager is a tool for managing LDAP directory data.  It includes a schema independant editor, a schema viewer and some pretty Views of the data. (And an easy way to create your own custom views). Directory Manager requires an LDAP v3 server.
directorysync	Directory Synchronize is a powerfull, easy to configure tool to synchronize the content of a directory to another. It can compare (e.g. size, modified-date, ...) and synchronize an unlimitted number of directories and has a detailed logging-function.
directoryviewer	A neat little directory viewer to allow users to easily navigate webfolders and files of any extension with ease. Fully compatable with both firefox and IE. Graphical for great look and feel!
directpython	DirectPython is a C++ extension to the Python programming language which provides access to DirectX (9.0c) API, including Direct3D, DirectSound, DirectShow and DirectInput.
directrix	Directrix Rain is a single-player, text-based role playing game written in C, designed to run on Windows and Unix.  This game is a possibly futile attempt to create an innovative hybrid between a traditional roguelike and a traditional adventure game.
directshownet	.NET c# directshow lib, capture and playback using c# and directshow
directsql	Cross-platform (Windows+Linux) delphi/kylix native components for directly accesing mySQL servers (without using any externall dll&#039;s).
directus	A simple CMS for basic web-sites. Built on PHP/MySQL. Based on editable pages, simple user management, simple calendar, and basic news infrastructure. Designed with the untrained maintainer in mind.
directx-remover	Lets you uninstall DirectX 1.x - 8.x including bogus or beta installations from your computer and than re-install a current or an earlier versions. Use with caution!
directxengine	Open source 3D engine, using DirectX
directxmodplay	Software library for playing MOD-like music files using DirectX.
directxwine	A set of patches against WINE to implement DirectX 9 allowing Modern Games and 3D applications to run under WINE. The patches include many experimental and beta features that have not yet made it into the stable WINE source tree.
direfly	Co-Operative Server (ES)MUD. Expanded/Extended Server MUD, a project to build a community of cooperative servers where a MUD can expand onto multiple server worlds.
diretel	DireTel is a software development in Visual Basic. it&#039;s a software to manage our personal contacts like a simple telephone directory with some usefull characteristicas. DireTel es un programa desarrollado en Visual Basic. Es un programa para adminis
diretorio	Sistema de cadastro de participantes de igrejas.\nO sistema prevê cadastro de cônjuges e filhos.\nSystem for register of participants of churches.
dirfreak	Dirfreak is a file organizational tool which catagorizes files using various methods, including file name, size, and date. Methods of sorting can be specified on either the command line or in a configuration file, allowing automation of the sorting task.
dirichlet	Dirichlet is an FTP Search Engine based on Java Technology. It can be easily distributed on normal server.
dirindex	Fast directory indexing tool for creating sitemaps or any kind of content overviews by creating a html file. Any file extension can be listed.
dirindexfaker	DirIndexFaker is a PHP script designed to produce fake apache directory listings for the purpose of slowing down, and overloading with false positives the web spiders used by the RIAA, MPAA, and other Copyright Cartel members.
dirjack	DirJack is a java written tool to monitor directories in your filesystem. The main feature is to react on changes within a directory i.e. you can define the behaviour what to do when files are added, edited or removed.
dirksoft	A set of simple programs and utilities built using the .NET framework.
dirlist	DirList is a user database system for POSIX-compliant systems and can be administered with the DirList ODBC driver and the sample Microsoft Access database.  Casual users can access a DirList system through the CGI web interface.
dirlister	Directory Lister is a program developed to list all files and subfolders beneath the chosen directory. Once you&#039;ve created your list, you can choose 3 different columns to view along with the file names. You can view the File Size, Date Modified, an
dirlst	DirLst is a standalone web server that runs as a Windows service, and that provides a directory listing with many capabilities: login, directory zipping, a search engine, music streaming, etc.
dirmi	Dirmi is a replacement for Java RMI which has an efficient multiplexing protocol and bidirectional support for remote objects. Unlike Java RMI, it can easily be tunneled and remoting of objects is easy.
dirmon	The ultimate sorting tool.  Directory monitor moves files into different directories as they are downloaded from popular file sharing programs automatically.  Simply specify directores to monitor and processing rules and you are ready to go.
diropus4	Directory Opus 4, the legendary filemanager for Amiga computers.
dirphp	DirPHP is a tool for a) listing all files in its same directory, color coded alphabetically, b) displaying other PHP files&#039; source code and c) performing simple file uploads to the directory. No config is needed and the script is just a single PHP f
dirpkg	A new approach to package management: Directory Packages. dirpkgs can be managed with standard UNIX shell tools, or with the &quot;dirpkg&quot; program.
dirqmail	Simple, fast and reliable virtual users system for qmail.
dirsave	Dirsave is graphical utility for intellectually generaty senteces urls from you link (example: pic01,pic02 or pic1,pic2). After generate with 3 clicks you execute  program and wget download this files:)
dirsize	&#039;dirsize&#039; is a simple perl script that displays the size of a given directory recursively... Now, I *KNOW* there must be some other way to do that but hey, it was faster writing down about 40 lines of perl...
dirsplitter	A simple tool that splits a big directory into smaller ones for saving them on a DVD/CD. There are some basic filter options avaliable.
dirssync	The goal is to synchronize 2 directories.  This application will synchronize all the files and all the sub-directories, and prompt the user to confirm all the moves.  It&#039;s written in python and with wxPython.
dirstandards	Directory Standards Database is a tool written in PHP intended to maintain a central MYSQL database with all of your Object Naming Standards and Property Naming Standards.
dirstat	DirStat&#039;s goal is to collect and analyze file system activity statistics.
dirstorage	DirectoryStorage - a ZODB Storage that stores objects in many files, one file per revision of each object. Designed to be robust, manageable, fault tolerant, and scalable.
dirsync	This program will synchronize two directories to each other. Yes, it is similiar to a mirror program, but this will do a two way mirror. I use it to back up data from my Win CE palm top to my linux laptop.
dirsynch	Dirsynch is a Java application for synchronizing directories on local file systems and FTP servers. It is very useful for maintaining webpages.
dirsys	Software to allow a GNU/Linux/Mac system to be contained within one directory (folder), which allows it to be installed by drag-n-dropping it to the hard disk, removed by dragging it to the trash, and duplicated by copying it in the Finder.
dirt-client	Dirt is a mud/muck/mush/moo/telnet client for linux with plugins for perl and python scripting.  It is text-based and features: color, scrollback, history, autocomplete, alias, trigger (even on ansi), zchat/mudmaster chat, mudftp, MCCP, and a help system
dirt-cms	Designed by usability researchers working in the community sector in a language called PHP 4 (increasingly supported by more and more free-hosts), DIRT CMS is ideal for sites such as K-12 school, local clubs, non-profits and small-businesses.
dirtchat	Dirt Secure Chat is an open-source cross-platform chat client and server developed using the wxWidgets GUI framework. It provides secure realtime chat (IRC style) and secure file transfers using public key based encryption (via the Crypto++ library).
dirtirc	Dirt is a multi-platform IRC proxy that adds FiSH-compatible chat encryption (including DH1080 key exchanges) to any IRC client. It can be used as a Socks4 proxy or as a simple bouncer. For security reasons, only localhost connections are allowed.
dirtoxml	dir2xml is an VBscript that generates an tree-structure XML file that contains detailed information and extended information for mp3 files, utilizing shazammp3.
dirtoy	** need help updating for Tiger ** UNFILEDBABY: Adds pseudo-group &#039;Unfiled&#039; AddressBook.app (Panther only) TESTBUNDLE: Mail plug-in for folder-centric sorting rules and more. (Jaguar only) DIRTOY: UI to quickly clean up *unfiled* address book e
dirtvm	The Dirt virtual machine is designed to be easily used as a scripting engine or runtime core in C or C++ projects.  The language itself is very similar to C. The tools have been created from scratch (no lex/bison/yacc) and are very portable
dirty-thing	Dirty tracking thing. ?????? ??? ???????????? ????????? ?? ????? dirty.ru.
dirtydesk	Dirtydesk is a lightweight desktop icon utility for those who don&#039;t want a desktop environment, but still desire icons at their fingertips.
dirtyqueue	DirtyQueue is a message queueing daemon. It is in the very early stages of developement and is currently able to deliver messages to/from clients.
dirtywater	Dirty Water is an original MUD server/engine written in O&#039;Caml. Our goal is to create a mud engine that is much more advanced, realistic, and encourages role playing more than Diku-style MUDs.
dis	A framework for interaction with networking devices from various vendors, over various transport mechanisms, and with various authentication schemes.
dis6502	A 6502 disassembler, designed to specifically support Atari binary files.
disable-rt-clic	This script disables the right click on an entire web page \nor on selected images of a web page.
disassembler	Disassembler for linux: will try to provide a gui driven tool to disassemble executables. Written in C++, uses gtk libraries for the gui, and will disassemble binaries from a number of OSses.
disastersys	The Disaster Management System is a group of applications that will help in the orginazation and response to large scale disasters and emergencies.  Currently, accountability of personell, equipment and vehicles are done on pen and paper.  This software 
disblend	DisBlend (for distributed Blender) is a project to build a light system of distributed rendering for Blender 3D (www.blender.org). The client and servers are now written in Ruby 1.8
disboo	The goal of this project is to provide the user with a background program which distributes the bookmarks between various browsers, so all browser are up to date. This is done by synchronizing the booksmarks via a server so firewalls are no problem.
disc	Allows any audio devices to be linked together over the internet. The program is completely plugin based.
disc-cover	Disc-cover provides an easy way to produce covers for audio CDs non-interactively. It scans audio CDs and uses information from the CDDB or CDINDEX database to build a back and front cover for the CD using LaTeX to produce high quality PDF or PS.
disc-osd	The DISC-OSD project at the DTC Intelligent Storage Consortium (University of Minnesota) provides an implementation of an object based storage ecosystem. This toolkit contains a SCSI OSD T10 compliant target, initiator drivers and a filesystem.
disc-stakka-ctl	User space software used to control an Imation Disc Stakka in Linux using libusb. The software will provide a generic interface to allow for flexible front end development.
disc-wipe	Utility that wipes a device, file, or directory tree clean using either a 3-pass or 7-pass DoD spec wipe. It has been confirmed to work on just about every UNIX, and even Windows. It should compile natively on any UNIX or Windows compiler.
discarchiver	E-Nature CD/DVD Archiver lets you easily read all files on any data CD/DVD to a local database. With the integrated search function you can search for files stored on any previously added DVD or CD in your collection.
discardlet	Discardlets are simple and discardable dynamic web sites managed by a permission based environment. It is the basis of Discardable Software: a simpler approach to business applications development as an alternative to the complex MVC based systems.
discdb	DiscDB is a little program that will use MySQL to catalog all files in your CDs, making it easy to find a file without having to switch discs until you  find it. Useful for people who save all their downloads to CD-Rs.
discdeacon	Java libraries and utility code for analyzing audio data and cuesheet files with emphasis on data from CDs.  Support for WAV, MP3 and FLAC formats is provided.
dischoco	DisChoco is a plateform for distributed constraint networks, namely CSPs which are physically distributed, and which are to be solved without involving a centralization process. DisChoco is based on Choco (choco.sourceforge.net)
dischocoiup	Studiying version of Distrubuted version of choco, a constraint programing tool.
dischosting	Management interface for non-profit webhosting solutions
discid	discid is a small program to calculate the disc-ID for audio compact discs. The disc-ID can be used to query info (tracks, title, interpret) about compact audio discs from a CDDB-Server.
discipleman	Disciple Manager allows you to keep track of all the people you are discipling. It provides easy access and storing of contact info, prayer requests, etc.
disclinks	A simple Golf Disc sim game. C++/ClanLib.
discloser	Discloser is a webjournal/blog written in PHP using MySQL. It has been designed to have a clean, easy to use interface allowing one or more people to maintain a blog with varying levels of access, and to allow multiple types of content.
discmage	discmage handles all kinds of CD images. It does rip single tracks, mounts images or tracks using FUSE, repairs broken ISO tracks, and much more.
discnw	Provides a reusable database and Perl API for running an Ultimate Frisbee organization.
disco	Domestic Information Service Center Objective. A pluggable framework for use on domestic touchscreens providing sexy visualisation of interesting information: News, Traffic, TV guide, Recipes, Mailbox, Agenda, Domotics Hardware connection, ...
discoipd	Disco is a passive IP discovery and fingerprinting utility designed to uniquely identify IPs and the host operating system running on a network.
discojet	DiscoJet is a Java record collection management application. Its support multiple databases such as MySql, PostgresSQL. It brings many features like store artists, albums, songs (...) and search or export for example.
discomp	Distributed Computing System of Modular Programming
disconnected	Wordpress theme based on the original layout by Patricia Müller, with added plugin support and extras, and a complete redesign.
disconpuzzle	This is an electronic version of the DisconPuzzle. It was written in Java
discontig	Develop code patches for Linux to support systems with discontiguous physical memory.  Primary focus will be for ccNUMA machines based on Itanium processor family architecture. Final goal is to have these patches accepted into the Linux base.
discontinuity	A utility to help create animations in POV-Ray, a free raytracer. In your POV-Ray code, insert variable names instead of numbers for any values which may change. An #include file is generated based on keyframes which will fill in those variabes.
discoplan	Software for planning events in a collaborative environment.  Allows planners to agree on a date, create and manage necessary items, post comments and replies, and search for events to join.  Also creates private mailing list for each event.
discordia	Discordia is a modular, distributed sound processing architecture.
discorouter	DiscoRouter is as servlet that shows your published WSDL document as Disco files. Even more, it generates the documentation automatically using an XSL-T document.
discover-u	an real time IM. include voip/sms/webfax....writen in Delphi/Kylix.include server/client.
discover-word	Javascript activities designed to help learn vocabulary and phrases for language teaching. Designed to allow very fast setup with a core word list, optional clues and an image sequence.
discoverdbgui	Generates XML containing database tables structure and allows easy XSLT sheet application using the gui interface
discovery	Discovery is a Data Mining &amp; Report Tool. It let&#039;s choose from different databases as sources, define SQL-statements for a source and render the output via a browser. Its focus is to work with all major databases by using an abstraction layer.
discretesim	discretesim is a framework for implementing discrete simulations in Java.
discretizer	A interactive hexahedral mesh creation tool. Discretizer will create meshes for three dimensional flow simulations (CFD). First goal is to do a geometry and export a hexahedral mesh to OpenFoam CFD solver and perform a calculation.
discsweep	Discsweep- virtual file browser made with Delphi and GLScene libraries. Uses OpenGL. Designed as a simple FPS game. Capable of displaying jpegs, text files and playing mp3 files. Status-completed. Source code packed in archive. Home site: www.3dz.netfirm
disctree	DiscTree is a flexible CD-installer framework using web page content (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) and a Gecko rendering engine. The PHP build system allows you to quick build a custom CD install system from existing content.
disctreeplus	DiscTree Plus is based off of K-Meleon and DiscTree from TheOpenCD.org. The project aims to provide an easy to use browser for business card CDs in Windows.
discus	DISCUS is a set of programs to simulate the atomic structure of disordered materials and calculate experimental properties such as diffuse scattering or the atomic pair distribution function.
discuss	Discuss is a mini-message bord system written in PHP and using mySQL.  The program is a small message board with coninuing discussions, similar to a guest book, but with multiple categories/topics.  It also features an easy installation and admin area.
discuss-dotnet	Welcome to Discuss .NET developer web site! A simple, flexibel and reliable bulletin board system. Its developed using state of the art technology. This system uses ASP .NET, v1.1 of the .NET Framework. The default system is based upon MS Access 2003.
discussions	A Moderated Web Discussion,  Now you can have more controll over the content of your live discussions, and keep the guest and site visitors happy! Allows you to filter or/and edit questions, before your guest sees them.  Can be used with any browser, req
discussionweb	Discussionweb is a free PL/SQL-based discussion forum application that runs on an Oracle 8.1.7 or higher database using the Oracle web PL/SQL toolkit.
discuzcmd	Discuz! Command Prompt is a plugin for Discuz! forum system that emulates the famous DOS environment, written using AJAX and PHP.
diseaseontology	Disease Ontology is a stuctured controlled vocabulary originally based upon and  mapped to medical billing codes. The goal of this ontology is to create a comprehensive hierachical controlled vocabulary to represent subsumptive disease relationships.
disfunction	DisFunction (Disassembly Function) it&#039;s the name from the project that want to develop a collection of tools like Hex editor, disassebler,... that give the possibility to know how work your application.
dishevelled	Library of various Java Swing user interface components, with emphasis on views and editors for complex data structures, like collections, sets, lists, maps, graphs, and matrices.
dishpvrfs	dishpvrfs is a linux kernel filesystem module written in C.  It is designed to support the filesystem used on Dish (Echostar) 501, 508 and 510 series PVR boxes.  Currently, this is a read only filesystem.
diside	DisIDE - the Disintegrated Development Environment - provides primitive IDE-like functionality for your favorite standalone text editor. A compact file browser sidebar explores the project directory structure, and launches files into the editor.
disk-status	Disk status applet is a simple applet for GNOME that allows you to monitor disk usage from the panel.
diskat	DisKat is a disk cataloging system which will help you manage your collection of CDs and DVDs. DisKat stores information about the contents of your disks and its search functionality will help find anything in your collection with just a few clicks!!
diskat-php	DiskAt is disk/media catalogue app supporting multiple categories per item, good search and features which allow to use it as Movie/DVD/etc database. Written with PHP/Python/SQLite.
diskbase	Disk cataloging program enabling to store the info about a disk (folder and file names, decriptions etc.) to a database for later search.
diskcat	DiskCat is a program designed to help you maintain and organize all the data stored in your removable disks, like CDs and DVDs. It is beeing written in Java, so it is multiplatform and, as it uses JDBC, it can work with your preferred database server.
diskeditor	View the contents of your disk drive(harddisk and floppy disk).view,edit any sector, save sector to file and write sector from file.view contents of files,sectors in hex and ascii.view boot record of floppy,harddrive,and view partition table.
diskerman	DiskerMan is a 3d PC Game for Windows. It uses DirectX for rendering (used to be OpenGL), sound and input. It&#039;s just in pre-alpha demo yet.
diskfree	A script to be run from cron to monitor your disk space usage and mail a report of any changes to you
diskfreeofs	DiskFree Online File System is a PHP/MySQL based website which allows users to upload a variable amount of files, favorites, and a bare bones address book to an online system.
diskhunter	Opensource Desktop Search Engine indexing all documents located on local harddrives. Delivers faster query results and indexing performance than 2005-commercial desktop search engines.
diskimg	This project is aimed at created a disktapehard disk image utility that can handle many formats of disks.
diskless-gw	Linux distro for diskless routers/bridges/gateways.
diskoptimise	Disk Optimise is used to optimize the allocation of files and folders to a disk (4.7 GB DVD or 700 MB CD). Different strategies can be used to achieve optimization as well as partial optimization in a reasonable time.
diskoptimizer	Disk Optimizer selects files to be placed on any disk medium that will maximize the space used.  It is very efficient in finding an optimum file set since it uses a Genetic Algorithm instead of brute force.
diskotech	diskotech is an easy to use iso burning frontend to cdrecord designed for use with many static images
diskothek	network audio playback system
diskscrub	Scrub writes patterns on special files (i.e. raw disk devices) or\nregular files to make retrieving the data more difficult.
disksdb	Disks DB allows to cache yours CDs and DVDs collections contents (files) and later perform effective search for required files through your collection. Search could be performed using Pocket PC handheld devices.
disksearch	DiskSearch is a tool for searching for files on removable media disks (e.g. for songs on your MP3-CD&#039;s). It&#039;s written in Python and runs on Linux (and other Unix systems) and Win32.
disktype	Detects the content format of a disk or disk image by checking for signatures of file systems, partition tables, and boot codes.
diskwarehouse	Disk Warehouse is a utility to be used for easy CD, DVD, USB Key, and HDD catalogging and searching. Catalogs will be stored in XML and/or Binary. C# will be the programming lnaguage of choice, using the .NET Framework. Windows XP is the target platform.
diskwatch	This program is an auto delete program. It is intended for my media PC. I would like to automaticly manage my file system.
disloki	Disloki is a modified version of Loki (loki.homeunix.net) which works as a Boinc application. The project also contains support programs to create and maintain a Loki based boinc project.
dismap	An application that will display DIS entities on a map.
dispara	Dispara System: We are working on making a new way of storing and distributing data between applications and machines.  All data is transfered via http(s) in xml format and imported into existing apps via external program or plug-in module.
dispatcher	Dispatcher is a runtime dynamic dispatch C++ library used as a facility for registering and unregistering callbacks. The Dispatcher is released under the Boost Software License. More information about the dispatcher is available from the documentation.
dispdump	gives remote control of a PC running MS-DOS (which e.g. does not have a monitor display attached to it). The screen image (currently text mode only) is taken from the graphics card and transferred to other computer via serial link and displayed there
dispec	DISPEC - stands for DIelectric SPECtroscopy - is a collection of programs aimed to perform dielectric permittivity measurements, from instrument interfacing to data fit.
dispenseit	The project focuses on developing an environment where one can harness idle CPU cycles of numerous networked systems to work together on a particularly processing-intensive problem. (distributed computing you may call it)
disphelper	DispHelper is a COM helper library that can be used in C++ or even plain C. No MFC or ATL required! It allows you to call COM objects with a printf style syntax. Included with DispHelper are over 20 samples demonstrating using COM objects from ADO to WMI
disphorm	PHP-Mysql toolbox usefull to display and manage complex html-forms.
dispic	A disassembler for PICmicro microprocessor.
display	Originally written by Paul Vixie in 1986 and distributed through mod.sources, &quot;display&quot; is a program which will repeatedly execute a command and display the output through curses. The purpose of this project is to maintain and extend display.
displayindexes	A perl solution to display a nice directory listing if indexes are turned off on a *NIX based server. Nominally named index.cgi, it reads via &#039;ls -l&#039; and parses the output as needed for display, using the default Apache icons, or others, if spe
displaykit	DisplayKit is a wrapper framework for the Mac OS X CoreGraphics API designed to provide an Objective-C interface to the following services: display capturing, resolution switching, gamma fading, getting display attributes, and more.
displaytag	The display tag library is an open source suite of custom tags that provide high-level web presentation patterns which will work in an MVC model. The library provides a significant amount of functionality while still being easy to use.
displayusers	A script to allow users to automatically include themselves in a user listing on the web server. The script allows users to customise the information displayed in the listings, including displaying a photo and re-directing the email and home page entries
displet	Simple GTK2+ application that displays various on-screen messages.
disposition	C Library designed to generate in sequence permutations or combinations (possible orderings or subsets) of a number of objects, with or without repetition. A graphical program that uses the library is provided too, useful to teach combinatorics.
dispov	Projeto desenvolvido em C++ para renderização de imagens em um cluster de computadores utilizando Pov-Ray
disputedmysql	A coded example of using MYSQL with C/C++, showing how to interact with the database, also simple ftp techniques and string management of fixed width flat file database systems.
disretman	This project intends to create a software that could be used to manage discount retail stores.
dissco	DISSCO is an integrated environment for music composition (CMOD) and additive sound sythesis (LASS). LASS is a C++ library. It includes a Java GUI (LASSIE) which allows users to enter the specifications needed to build sounds. CMOD will be part of a late
dissearch	DisSearch is a crawler of FTP servers with web interface provided for searching files.
dissect	The Dissect Framework: A flexible and extensible framework to setup and process data feeds from various feed sources. Its built totally in Java and can be used in J2SE or J2EE applications.
dissent	A full featured cross platform multimedia player/application. Supports audio and video files/streams, RSS feeds, Podcasts and contains a simple web browser. Dissent also integrates services from various organizations such as Amnesty International.
disser	LaTeX document class and templates for typesetting dissertations in Russian.
dissert	Dissert is a program that collects and stores mailinglist postings and newsgroup articles and makes them browseable and searchable. It is a combination of old Deja and Geocrawler.
dist	Tools for the development and distribution of portable software on Unix platforms. Contains &quot;metaconfig&quot; the Configure script generator.
dist-judge	This is a project to develop an open source program in order to judge competitions with panels of judges.  It is written in the SuperWaba programming language
dist-orch	It is a distributed orchestra that permits the user to interpret different sounds, through a lan by a synthesizer application and another one that generates the music to synthetize. it will also count with diverse instruments and effects.
distage	Distage is a decentralized, distfile sharing tool for Gentoo Linux. It allows one to download package files from any machine connected to a Local Area Network instead of a cache server or Gentoo Mirror.
distance	A test suite and benchmark for exact Euclidean distance transform algorithms\nused in Image Processing and computational geometry. It evaluates the\nexactness and speed of algorithms for a large number of test\ncases. Results can be visualized in Scilab.
distanceengines	This project is a collection of libraries written in FORTRAN and R for the Distance package (http://www.ruwpa.st-and.ac.uk/distance/) for analysis and design of distance sampling surveys of wildlife populations.
distant	Universal heterogeneous distributed computing system.
distantshadows	Online web-based game combining strategy and RPG in a team-play, situated in the ancient China/Japan.
distbreve	&quot;Distributed breve&quot; (distbreve) is an open-source software package to make the process of implementing asynchronous, parallelizable steve code running under the breve simulation environment easily distributable amongst as many compute nodes as 
distbuild	Distbuild is a program to distribute build of C and C++ code across several machines in a network. Distbuild implements a proxy compiler to distribute the build. Source files are preprocessed locally before being sent to other computer for compilation.
distcache	Distributed session caching tools and APIs, primarily for SSL/TLS servers though perhaps useful for other (non-SSL/TLS) circumstances. Also includes a self-contained network abstraction library (libnal), and the sslswamp SSL/TLS benchmark/test utility.
distcc-livecd	LiveCD for building distcc compile clusters.
distcctracker	A Java based Distcc server tracker. Allow clients to easily and painlessly update their hosts file to reflect the available Distcc servers on the farm.
distcl	A distributed C++ compiler for Visual Studio.
distclass	Distribution CLASS: Highly integrated Financial Accounting (G/L, A/R, A/P), Multi-Warehouse &amp; Inventory Control, Customer Order Management &amp; Purchasing.
distcollab	A distributed client for the increased collaboration of distributed project teams. Written in Java and running over the Tibco Tib/Rv messaging system this project encompasses distributed chat, file sharing and document/code collaboration.
distdes	distDES is a Java RMI-based application which manages load balancing on heterogeneous clusters. Development will extend the theoretical initial implementation to include clustered Rainbow Table generation and encryption algorithm collision detection.
distdrm	This shall be a DRM system that will have source and binaries for linux/unix and windows. It will be peer to peer distributed rather then central server with file owner having control of their file. Rights changes &quot;perk down through system&quot;. TC
distel	Distributed Erlang in Emacs Lisp. Consists of a library for Emacs/Erlang integration, and a suite of tools built atop it.
distenc	Distenc is a client and server suite, which distributes encoding jobs to different machines. The jobs are stored in a Mysql database. It uses primary NFS as file source and target. It supports every encoder, which works with input and output files, lile 
distfs	This is a distributed, hierarchical, networked, replicated and disconnected file system.
distiller	A compression engine based on the Huffman trie algorithm. The algorithm is pretty cpu-light, and as such, runs much more quickly than RAR or other &#039;heavy&#039; algorithms, but could still achieve decent compression. Use with tar for multi-file archi
distinct	Distinct file browser, is an expermental file manager. It uses a database driven, file abstraction layer, to allow near instant searching and orginization of a users files.
distj	This project aims to create a framework on which java applications can run in parallel on multiple nodes. A master server dispatches the jobs and makes all planning regarding memory management.
distjc	Distributed Java compilation - distJC
distlist	This is a web interface to a database for storing lists of things. The system exposes the database via XML which allows another program to collect and use information easily. The system also exposes the databases in an associated web page.
distmake	distmake is a distributed, parallel, GNU make-compatible make program. It reads a Makefile and distributes builds targets over a set of build servers on a network
distme	DistMe is a toolkit and a script environment to distribute any kind of stochastic simulations on any kind of distributed computers (clusters, calculation grids).
distmmog	The goal of this project is to investigate the design of a high-performance messaging infrastructure to support massively-multiplayer games.
distorm	diStorm is a binary stream disassembler for AMD64 and 80x86-16,32 bits. It disassembles FPU,MMX,SSE,SSE2,SSE3,SSE4,VMX and 3DNow!(w/exts) and new x86-64 instruction sets. diStorm was written to decode quickly every instruction as accurately as possible.
distort	Distort is a set of unix shell scripts that facilitate tweaking RedHat Fedora Linux DVD and making your own custom DVD installation.
distphylo	A project to distributed phylogenies into a MPI Cluster.
distpro	To create a client, server set-up written perl, this will allow for users to submit a job to be processed which will then be submitted to a free processing box, for processing.
distproc	Intended as a tool for distributing build processes. Automatically forms clusters with other hosts and distributes command line processes. Files are transferred to the remote host on demand. Behaves like distcc, but for almost any type of process.
distproj	The Content Distribution Project aims to provide a solution that enables sites to dynamically learn and direct visitors to a site to the fastest server of the content. The project aims to provide a wide variety of usage and health monitoring tools.
distr-pari	Pari-Distributed is a mostly Erlang framework that lets you split up trivially parallelizable loops in GP across multiple nodes. Its goal is to dynamically manage a list of active nodes and split up work units fairly across remote nodes.
distrib-rsa	Compute shared RSA keys for two parties using Gilboa&#039;s protocol. Other protocols may be added. Contains JAVA source for Benaloh, Naccache-Stern and Goldwasser-Michali crypto-algorithms. Oblivious transfers and BiPrimaliy tests also implemented.
distribnet	DistribNet is a Global peer-to-peer internet file system in which anyone can tap into or add content to.
distribulator	The Distribulator: Distributed Computing For The Rest Of Us. This is an SSH-based command execution and file transfer utility that includes support for batch, console, and shell integration modes, multiple server enviornments, and full audit logs.
distributed-app	Utilize Java to create an application capable of massivly parallel operations. Application will be targeted as a Napster Clone, with the additional capability of downloading projects which are seeking computer time.
distributed-sys	Distributed system for Windows platform
distributedcity	Distributed City is a website in infrastructure that aims to be a fully open source community environment that is built for its users, by its users.  We are interested in freedom and freedom enabling tools.
distributeddns	DDNS is a P2P software that aims to build a decentralized, distributed DNS.
distributedray	Distributed Raytracing System written in java (JDK1.4)
distribution	&quot;distribution&quot; is a message and data processing tool. It allows to process information through a graph of processors. It may be used to build mailing lists, fax gateways, email filters, PDF mailing combinators, report systems and many other pro
distributor	Software load balancer.  Accepts connections and distributes them to an array of back end servers.  Unique/advanced features include integrated testing of back end servers and optional termination of client connections to misfunctioning servers.
districtdna	District DNA a program written in delphi that manages your school district. It utilizes the Firebird open source database. It includes a seperate program that covers special education for massachusetts
distrit	Java package containing architecture to distribute CPU intensive processing tasks across the internet.  A generic client will be capable of running any task the server provides it, automatically updating the code it runs.
distro-project	Distro-Project is a new form of linux breaking all old FSH standards (including POSIX). It&#039;s market is for all sectors of the computer market and for beginners through advanced users. The goal is to make an operating system that works out of the box
distrpeer	DistrPeer is a client to p2p network without any hubs and trackers, in other words, fully decentralized. Each file before sharing is encoded and splitted for keeping in several computers what provide redundant and distributed storing of files.
distru	LiteStep Installer, easy to use LiteStep distribution
distsolve	DistSolve aims at providing a web service for solving sparse matrix systems of the type A x = b, A x = lambda B x, etc. These systems often occur in engineering and science when discretizing partial differential equations.
diststream	Basic proof of concept of bittorrent-like distribution of streaming media. Currently just supports SHOUTCAST streams but could/will be able to adapt to other streaming medias. Server written in C and Peer-client written in Java.
disttest	Disttest runs unittests for a project in parallel across several slave computers. It uses SSH and assumes a common filesystem on the slave computers, e.g., NFS.
distvidsys	DVS (Distributed Video System) is an open source project with all necessary tools (servers, monitors, etc) for the creation of a Content Distribution Network (CDN) with live video and video on demand streaming.
distwb	Distributed Whiteboard Application, using TCP/IP.
distweb	A project to employ technologies already applied to the WWW, such as XHTML/CSS, to a distributed VPN grid, allowing for searches of files on the network, and semi-anonymous websites, which are served by all peers with the cached content. Darknet P2P.
distwww	An experimental distributed web server. Includes software that serves users&#039; requests (intended to be run on machines distributed globally), and server software that routes requests to specific machines.
distx	distX is a script which can be used to distribute CPU intensive tasks to a cluster of machines. For example, distX has been used for distributed encoding of ogg vorbis files.
disunion	The Disunion Engine is a development platform based on Id Software&#039;s Quake 2 engine, oriented towards structure and ease of development as opposed to graphical proofs of concept. Contains tech such as the Disunion Object Layer and LibAX Skeletal Lib
disy-commons	disy-commons is a collection of Java libraries, that have been developed at the German company disy Informationssysteme GmbH. The project concentrates on providing base and utility classes for Swing GUIs, e.g. wizards, fontchoosers etc.
dit	A multi-segment file downloader for the Linux operating system that runs as a daemon. It supports HTTP and FTP downloads, transparent resumption of interuppted downloads and dynamic management of ongoing downloads (stop, resume, cancel, reorder)
dit-cms	dit.cms is a multilingual enterprise content management system with a strict focus on total flexibility, broad functionality and very user friendly interfacing. Any website can be created. Module development is easy for PHP/xHTML experienced developers.
dit-editor	dit is a user-friendly console text editor for Unix
dita-ot	The DITA Open Toolkit is an implementation of the OASIS DITA Technical Committee&#039;s specification for Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) DTDs and Schemas. The Toolkit transforms DITA content (maps and topics) into deliverable formats.
ditaa	A small utility that converts ascii-art diagrams to nice-looking bitmap diagrams automatically.
ditaa-addons	Addons to the ditaa (DIagrams Through Ascii Art) sourceforge project.
dite	Dite is a distributed intrusion detection system for Linux 2.4.x based architectures.
dithaka	Dithaka is a dynamic mailing list and collaboration engine written in Java. It merges the concepts of mailing list and web forum; every message sent to the list appears as a post in the forum, and every post to the forum generates a message to the list
ditrackerbot	The DI tracker bot provides stream, event, and forums information for Digitally Imported (http://di.fm/) to IRC users.
ditto	A generic object-oriented C++ framework for in-memory tables, dynamically sorted and filtered. Header-only and STL-compatible for easy integration. Includes record tracking, event triggering and more. Designed for performance, reliability and flexibility
ditto-cp	Ditto is an extension to the standard windows clipboard.  It saves each item placed on the clipboard allowing you access to any of those items at a later time.  Ditto allows you to specify what gets saved, text, images or html.
dittoo	Digital Image Transform TOOls. Set of utilities to manipulate ( rename, rotate, convert from RAW format e.t.c. ) images ( in general taken from digital camera )
dittorrent	DitTorrent is a tool for distributing files for dialup users using technology similar to Bittorrent. It is for overcoming the Badwidth Problem faced by dialup users by making direct telephone calls to other nodes to exchange data.
diuna	Diuna is menagment/monitoring tools for administration of big computer networks.
diurna	Diurna is a command-line program intended as a complement to the common Date program found on GNULinux systems. Diurna converts the system date from the modern, to the ancient Roman form complete with latin and roman numerals.
diuturnal	A multiplayer turn-based strategy game, containing a mix of Civilization and Warcraft.
diuturnus	Diuturnus is an MMORPG for Linux systems that is designed to be a polished competitor to modern, proprietary Windows MMORPG and to be, most importantly, fun!
div	The Digital Internet Voicemail project, also knows as the Internet Enabled Digital Answering Machine is a project intended to allow users of a Linux/UNIX system to retrieve their voicemail via the Internet in two ways, via the World Wide Web, and via E-M
diva	DIVA library contains C++ classes for managing media input/output (audio-, MIDI- and video devices, audio files) and system-level services (threads, mutexes, sockets). The API is platform-independent, but implementations exist only for POSIX systems.
divagis	DIVA-GIS is a geographical information system to analyze plant biodiversity data. It was developed at the International Potato Center (CIP) to help curate it&#039;s genebank data; additional support was subsequently obtained from IPGRI.
divbyzero	Free scripts &amp; examples- Java/JSP, Eclipse plugins, SQL, PHP, ASP, Windows Batch, Javascript, Flash/Actionscript.
dive	All 32-bit MS Windows (95/98/NT/2000/XP)
dive-log-book	Dive Log Book is a simple and easy to use graphical dive data logging application. The application is developed primarily for needs of beginner divers. Stored data is possible export many document formats such as TXT, XML, PDF and interactive WWW page.
dive-o-matic	This program presente the nitrogen saturation during a dive. The final goal of this project is to presente various mathematical model of saturation.
divebuddy	An open source scuba dive logging, planning, and management project. The intention is to develop free dive software compatible with a variety of dive computers and diver levels (beginner an up) with as many professional, yet simple to use, features.
diveintocfml	Dive Into CFML, is a online book giving novice to guru cold fusion help.
diveintopython	A free Python book for experienced programmers
divepix	DivePix is a PHP driven image gallery with easy setup. It is designed to work on any operating system, but using the Apache webserver.
diverge	An RPG creation kit based on VERGE.
diversetoolkit	The DIVERSE Toolkit (DTK) is a toolkit for building operator-in-the-loop real-time distributed simulations, like for example distributed VR simulations.  It is not a VR graphics package, but can aid in the building of VR graphics packages.
diversion	A platform for playing any number of tabletop games: board games, card games, role playing games, etc.
diversitycms	Diversity is a content management system that tries to make further developing easier with it&#039;s module-based structure and design.
divertit	DivertIt! is a TCP connection diverter tool.  By sending commands to agents running on distributed hosts, the tool determines a connection route and instructs agents to listen for incoming connections and divert them down the chain to the eventual target
divesoft	a .NET based SCUBA Dive Planner / Log.  Interface VB.NET / Web Based.
divfixpp	DivFix++ is &quot;complete rewrite&quot; of &quot;DivFix&quot; program which tries to fix/rebuild AVI&#039;s index section for proper video play. Basicaly it fixes corrupted AVI files if avi has proper header...
divgl	DivGL - Is a 2D OpenGL hardware accelerated blitter, graphic loader, frame manager, a DIV like sprite system, and more utilities for creating video games. It works under SDL. It&#039;s portable, and easy to use. I&#039;m actually using: SDL 1.2.11, SDL_i
divia	Peer to Mail (P2M) application write in Python 2.4
divine	divine (Dynamic, Interactive, Virtual InterNet Environment) is a Javascript/PHP AJAX desktop system for web browsers. A demo can be seen at demo.notanos.com. The project&#039;s vision is to provide a complete environment that can be used in thousands of 
divine-conflict	Conflitto Divino: new mud derived from DS&#039; codebase
divineboundary	Divine Boundary MUD is a text-based multiplayer fantasy roleplaying game based on the eternal struggle for immortality. It offers a robust, multi-tier (mortal/god) player environment. It is written in VB.NET and supports a SQL, MySQL or Access database.
divinelogic	The future of information technology will be based on controlling the flow of natural light.  This project is an attempt to establish the code (or software) that will enable this to happen.  It involves rewriting an OS from the ground up.
divingbell	A search engine and crawler that provide plugin support for adding new ways of calculating relevancy.
diviniti	Diviniti Site Engine (DSE) is a new content management system designed to allow you to build your site however you wish, without knowing any PHP. It&#039;s designed for that middle crowd of site builders who still like playing with HTML.
divinus	Analytical information system based on methods of an artificial intellect
divisioncomp	A method of file compresison where the value of all the binary information in a file as one figure is divided by a number, therefore shirtening the size of the file. To decompress you multiply it by that number again.
divlib	DivLib is a library for make games, with the DivGames Studio instruccions. Is too easy for use! Try it!
divmod	Quotient is multi-protocol (SMTP, POP, IMAP, SIP, HTTP, Q2Q) server that helps with all your online conversations be they over email, IRC, IM, mailing lists or voice over IP. It is written in Python on the Twisted framework and uses Lupy and SpamBayes.
divo	divo was designed to back up DVD movies to be played back on a standalone DVD player.
divprotector	PHP script to protect DIV content (e.g. private data) from indexation by bots, spammers etc...The content is encrypted in the source and decrypted by entering the key in the CAPTCHA.
divrobot	ROBot is a Script/Addon for the mIRC chat client. Its intended purpose is to provide a means of enforcing Parliamentary procedures during IRC-based meetings. The software runs entirely inside of the mIRC client.
divtrin	Simple but flexible C++ library.
divx	A progam to manage your DivX / DVD / VHS collection. It&#039;s written in C/C++ usign the Qt libraries and a SQL engine. It lets you make SQL queries, sort or output result by any tipe of criteria, and also can show an image for each entry in the databas
divx0	Direct Show Filter to send/receive RTP packets using mpeg4 video codec
divxdb	The DivX Database provides an easy way to sort all the movies you have. You get all the features you need: Sorting, User Rating, Login System, Cover Upload, and more to come, like full customizabity soon!
divxdb-php	Create a database for all your DivX/DVD\\&#039;s with this, very easy to use, tool. It\\&#039;s written in php and uses MySQL for the database. This is my first project here at SourceForge, so be gentle with it.
divxstore	DivXStore is a web-based application to catalogue films. It is a simple application destined to people who have a great collection of stored films and wish to be able to locate one of them quickly or to know if they have some film lent to somebody.
divxtek	A manager for you divx or DVD database, searching informations on the web
divxtodvd	A Perl script that utilizes transcode, ffmpeg, mjpeg, and dvdauthor to convert a DivX movie to DVD compliant files  (AUDIO_TS, VIDEO_TS). Pipes are used to combine the mpeg2 conversion, multiplexing, and dvdauthor&#039;ing into one step.
divxtotalpack	DivX Total Pack is an essential and useful package that allow you plays every DivX / Xvid / Vp6 and all relative audio streams on every Windows platforms.
dix	The Dix is a Unix like kernel using microkernel design approach. As a solo kernel, it contains no user section of an operating system. Dix provide a single set of primitive like IPC, Scheduler, and Kernel I/O.
dixie-flatline	We are working to create an easy to manage, flexible and open IRC bot for channel management and other basic services.  We are developing around a modular system to allow easy extensibility. MySQL based Auth, Banlists, etc.
dixshtix-midi	Java Music Theory and Practice, with Open Source libraries and applications. Goals: MIDI/RMF support, NIFF Support, Notation Display (Dec &#039;01), Score Editor (Feb &#039;02), XML (various) support, Export as AU/WAV/AIFF, Instrument Creation, SMDL Supp
diy-zoning	Step-by-step instructions for making your HVAC (Heating, Ventilation &amp; Air Conditioning) system state-of-art. Covers airflow balancing, temperature control &amp; zoning, energy conservation measures, remote access, 1-wire devices, home automation
diyblog	DIYBlog allows you to create a blog even if the only web space you have available is your ISP&#039;s FTP-only space.  It even allows you to create a blog aggregator (&quot;planet&quot;) using the same kind of web space.
diyddns	diyddns is a do-it-yourself dynamic dns service.
diydictionary	DIY Dictionary is the digital alternative of the bulky and thicky dictionary. The dictionary is stored as data in the CD and the word is entered through a keyboard and the system search the word match and displays its meaning in the Graphics LCD.
diypki	DIY PKI: Do it Yourself Public Key Infrastructure system
diznfoviewer	View NFO and DIZ files the way that they were meant to be viewed easily with this simple-to-use application.
dizzypages	dizzyPages is a PHP5 framework for building web applications. It provides a prototyping tool to quickly build the workflow of your application.  Then create custom presentations with the supplied XSL templates and business logic with the PHP5 API.
dj-project	A project to add type-safe, higher-order code mobility to Java using the Polyglot compiler framework.
dj-py	DJ Py is a jukebox daemon, who lets you rate your songs and crossfades between them. If you dont want to constantly supervise your xmms, this is the solution
djaccount	Desktop software based on Eclipse and Hibernate to provide simple double accounting features for non-profit organizations. Based on the database model used by the Mostar Style association for its accounting.
djanet	Currently used for CRM needs by the association Mostar Style, DjaNet is meant to be used as a rich web-based groupware environment.
django	A high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, MVC design. Includes a template system, object-relational mapper and a framework for dynamically creating admin interfaces.
django-adaptior	Idea of this project is to make Django compatible with apache 1.x and mod_python 2.x and allow reloading code runtime.
django-userlibs	A collection of Django ( http://www.djangoproject.com/ ) related user libraries for common user tasks.
djava	DynamicJava is a Java source interpreter. It executes programs written in Java, like described in the Java Language Specification, in addition with scripting features.
djax	- djax is a language. djax is javascript + all the things you wish javascript had.\n- djax is a language translator. djax takes code written in a javascript superset, and turns it into regular javascript that runs on pretty much everything.
djbackgammon	A graphical, easy to use backgammon game. You can play against the computer or across the network.  There is also a general server that allows an arbitrary number of connections. Works on Linux and Windows. Also a Breton translation.
djbdns-es	This is a project to translate all the documentation of djbdns Berstein program to spanish.
djbdnsw	djbdnsw is a patch for djbdns, which makes djbdns compile and run natively on any 32bit MS Windows platform.
djborg	DJBorg turns your MP3 playlist into a personalized radio station, adding randomly-generated DJ banter between tracks. Song information (based on ID3 tags), news, weather, and headlines are announced via a text-to-speech engine.
djbot	dj BOT - SHOUT cast controling via eggdrop (IRC) with TCL
djbrain	This piece of software is designed to let a DJ get his job done more easily. You can easily manage your collection of vinyls, cds, mp3s and save and visualize possible transitions between these tracks.
djburn	Bash script for cdr/cdrw burning. Can burn data and audio, and use multisession. Can also rip to ogg vorbis.
djcaddy	An easy to use inteface for storing information about your digital music. Created with digital djs in mind.
djchess	client/server chess game written in java
djcms	djcms is a php/mysql based content managment system. It is fully multilanguages, deeply and easily customisable. You can create users accounts with access rights (read / modify / delete) for each elements in your site.
djconsole	dTools&#039; JConsole is a tiny library to assist Java developers in creating command line software. Features of dTools&#039; JConsole include adding custom commands, parse command lines, and logging abilities.
djcronnor	A stupid-proof DJ-tool with 2 players, keyboard-only control, high-precision cueing, a few realtime effects, capable to generate DMX for complex lightening situations (including LED-pars), and not the least: true reliable software beatmixing.
djeneric	Djeneric is a toolset based on the pattern of meta-data based code generation. Besides using it as a generator, Djeneric can also be used as a prototyping tool or a 4GL style Java development environment. Visit http://www.djeneric.org for more info
djflash	MP3 Jukebox, organise playlists, play mp3s.  Allow multiple DJs to take control through the simple yet powerful web flash interface.  Individuals can customise their own playlists and add them to the music queue.
djget	DJGet is a Distribuited Java Get that allow you to download a file from internet by more PC in a LAN that share the Internet Connection with a limitated bandwidth
dji	This Java based project uses one or more XML files to dynamically create any type of object, GUI or not, at startup or at any other time. It uses completely transparent network communication to facilitate messages and commands to every registered object 
djia002	Search, order, delivery videos online
djift	DJift is a java implementation of a Content-Based Image Retrieval server. It focuses on portability and extensibility, using message queue and MVC model.
djin	The djin package is a java based directory service operating over the public Domain Name System.  In future it may support LDAP service as well.
djindent	DJIndent is a open source pure java pretty printer, or beautifier.  What it does is to allow java file(s) to be converted to a uniform coding convention dictated by an xml file.  The xml file dictates such things as { location, whitespace usage, mandator
djinn	Djinn is a Jini/Jxta networking system, designed for maximum availability via P2P and GRID based computing. IEEE 1516 compliant. The applications for this package can be mission critical business applications, large MMP games and simulations or a distrub
djinn-tool	Djinn is a java bytecode static analyser. It can produce various dependencies graphs of arbitrary granularity (jars, classes, packages, etc.) and provide a flexible query engine.
djjack	DJ Jack is a free audio player suite for the JACK audio server and the GNOME desktop. It&#039;s main goal is to provide a simple and powerful set of programs to professional DJs playing at parties and clubs. Designed with simplicity and usability in mind
djm-tools	Simple Distributed Job Management Tools facilitates parallel, distributed execution of simple commands, on a network of UNIX-like machines.  Components include a job dependency/exclusivity language and load-balanced remote execution facility.
djmix	DJMix is an API for mixing sounds like MP3&#039;s files. A QT interface is provided as a first demo of realtime capacity of API (mixing,volume set, respeed, scratch, dj-rewind, sound section  management).
djmount	djmount is a UPnP AV client. It mounts as a Linux filesystem (using FUSE) the media content of compatible UPnP AV devices : the Audio and Video content on the network is automatically discovered, and can be browsed as a standard directory tree.
djohn	Distributed John is a distributed password cracking using John The Ripper. It consists of a server that handles work to the clients (each on a different machine), which use John the Ripper.
djp4nel	A Online Radio Station Control Panel
djpanel	These sets of scripts are for any one who streams music (SHOUTcast), and has a group of DJ&#039;s. It is compiled of a stats page, and a request system.
djperf-osc	Digital Java Performer for OSC is an open source project to generate sounds and music from an OSC source matching conditions written in boolean algebra. Basically, it&#039;ll use OSC library to get datas, and Java Media to generate sounds.
djpiitti	DJ Piitti is a simple music beat counter software for example for use with DBMix Digital Audio Mixing system. It supports two beat counters and calculates the ratio of BPM&#039;s.
djplatformhlp	Dojo application framework helper. use dojo as frontend and php framework as backend. backend serve data layer only. while frontend based on html and dojo framework.
djplay	A live DJing system for the Jack sound server architecture. The system includes players for various audio file formats and playlist management.
djpp	Dynamic Java PreProcessor capable of running as ant ant task aswell as from the command line.
djproject	The DJ Project is a set of tools to help further the adoption of Java on the Desktop.
djrpg	An RPG development kit made in MS-DOS using Visual Basic 1.0 for DOS. It is already complex enough to create RPGs in DOS which do not require any extra runtime downloads outside of the game distribution itself.
djs	DJS extends the Mozilla Rhino framework to add a way for JavaScript code to create transparent proxies to DJS objects on a remote system and interact with them as if they were local objects.
djscene	A website devoted to the development of community management, content management, and event management software based on a common music genre. The project will be written using PHP, XHTML, CSS, RSS, and MySQL.
djuzeppe	djuzeppe - is a web-based AI Engine and AI Editor. Main goal of this project - Help to create your own AI bots. AI Editor provides intuitive web-interface and handy tools for building AI Knowledge Bases. Editor supports multiuser development of each bot.
djv	Digital imaging software for movie playback, image processing, and monitor calibration.
djvu	DjVu is a web-centric format for distributing documents and images.  DjVu was created at AT&amp;T Labs-Research and later sold to LizardTech Inc.  DjVuLibre is a GPL implementation of DjVu maintained by the original inventors of DjVu.
djvuce	This project aims to develop DjVu reader for PocketPC (and, maybe, for windows mobile smartphones). It uses the djvulibre library for DjVu rendering.
djwrap	DJWrap is two things: 1. An open format for combining several MPEG audio streams into one, in the least intrusive way possible. 2. A library and utility capable of unwrapping DJWrap and AlbumWrap files, and creating DJWrap files.
dk-milter	dk-milter consists of two parts: A milter-based application (dk-filter) which plugs in to Sendmail to provide DomainKeys service, and a library (libdk) which can be used to build DomainKeys-compliant applications or MTAs.  See the home page for details.
dk-qmailadmin	De danske filer til qmailadmin og vqadmin
dkbf	dkbf is a distributed, keyboard, brute-force program for Linux clusters that attacks Windows NT Lanman and NT hashes using the Message Passing Interface (MPI).
dkcms	Content Management System (CMS) written in PHP
dkcommander	The DK Commander is a visual Unix shell based on code DECO file manager.
dkeditor	\\\\\\&quot;Datenknecht XML Slave\\\\\\&quot; is an document oriented XML editor (WYSIWIG ) and XML Repository to store and view XML based content. Its runs on all operation systems whitch support Java JDK 1.3.
dkelter	Invoicing bills in a fast way,  keeping adresses of clients and stock articles. Easy to use but powerful archive. With dunnig and cash book there is all need for small bussiness. Platform independent, browser-based, PHP/MySQL, customisable.
dkexpert	GECCO (Game Environment for Command and Control Operations) is a strategy game built in java. It has a very simple graphical interface but allows for the use of standard pixel-based image formats as maps and is easy to modify and extend.
dkfd	dkfd is a DomainKeys filter daemon using libdomainkeys library. targeted usage is SMTP proxy of Postfix MTA. Currently developing under Linux/FreeBSD, and Solaris.
dkill	DKill is a project to eliminate doubloon in mysql base
dkim	DKIM (DomainKeys Identified Mail) library for Windows, based on YDK plugin for acSMTP/Eserv mail server.
dkim-milter	dkim-milter consists of two parts: A milter-based application (dkim-filter) which plugs in to Sendmail to provide DomainKeys Identified Mail service, and a library (libdkim) which can be used to build DKIM-compliant applications or MTAs.
dkingdoms	Daemon kingdoms is a vast, multi user game where you play as your own daemon. Train up your daemon with others and take a portal to earth where you can unleash your wrath against the humans for rewards. Rise up the ranks to become a god of all daemons!
dkjs	dkjs is a small http-server written in java. it is intended to work with php.
dkm3	Drumkit manager 3 for Psi Drum 2, a Buzz&#039;s generator.
dkms	Distributed scalable file sharing system with search capabilities
dkop	Copy a set of files to DVD. Full or incremental backup + media verify. Full or selective restore. GUI file selection + wildcards. Include or exclude directory or file at any level. Incremental updates full media. New/deleted files auto included.
dkp	System to track DKP (Dragon Kill Points)  in the Everquest game.  Written in PHP with a MySql backend.
dkpleaderboard	DKP Leaderboard adds a class overview to the -Standings- site fo your EQDKP System. Within this page every single class will be displayed and for each class it displays a specified ammount of players, sorted by current DKP starting with the -DKP Leader-.
dkpnet	A .NET project to manage DKP (Dragon Kill Points) for World of Warcraft players.
dkpsystem	A PHP program designed to help guilds with keeping track of member&#039;s raid points in a very organized fashion; while keeping it visually appealing. It is highly customizable, and includes end game instances such as BWL, MC, Onyxia and AQ40.
dkptooltip	DKPToolTip AddOn for World of Warcraft
dkret	This is not just another wordpress theme. DKret is fully localized, widgetized and easy administrationable.
dl-clone-kit	A dynamic website making it easy to maintain a Clan website using your own rules, page layout, and awards. We are not in any way affiliated with Dark Legion.
dl-common	An assorted collection of useful classes/functions I use on a regular basis to speed developement time of small projects.
dl-dosex	DOS-EX is dead.
dl-lightning	This project will provide a suite of applications which will function as a remote file download accelerator .  The roadmap for the project is 1. proof of concept (Command Line Interface) cli client.  2. resume / failure recovery added to
dl2k	This driver support D-Link DL2000 based gigabit ethenet card. Requires kernel version 2.4.7 or later.
dl2wp	Dicas Linux II - Web Portal. DL2WP is a new flexible and highly customized administration tool (developed in PHP4) for Web Portal creation and maintainance with no need of any particular knowledge in programming languages.  DL2WP is now under GPL.
dlab	Dlab is an open-source cooperative effort to produce the best possible SDL-based classic arcade game. The people involved are all computer science students attending a programming course for interactive and multimedia intensive applications.
dlasim	This is a physics simulation, of the phenonemenon call DLA(Diffusion limited aggregation). This will act as a educational tool for people attemting to understand various phenomenons right from fungi growth to electric charge conduction to surface tension
dlc	DLC - HTTP link checker written in Perl. Can generate HTML output for easy checking of results and process a link cache file to hasten multiple requests. Initially created as an extension to Public Bookmark Generator (PBM); can be used alone.
dlc-moodle	DLC-Moodle is a version of Moodle.  It has been customized to implement a different business model, based on that of the UC Davis Extension Distance Learning Campus.
dlccg	A fan-based Collectable card game on digimon. Here you can fight with the character&#039;s you know and love. Also features allow you to fight with other tamers across the world!
dlcenter	This will be a free and simple download center written in php.
dldialog	DLDialog offers the capability to draw a variety of widgets. It includes a definition language similar to Tcl/Tk. It can display dialogs the tvision/ncurses interface or using graphical windows with the QT/X11 interface.
dle	For introducing Linux into enterprise field, research of making Linux dependability better, in terms of more processors, more storage and more memories.
dlearn	A group of specific modules that allow to create and manage a simple distance learning system including audio/video and slide synchronization (in live streamed session too), slideshows, content management, teacher/student chat.
dlemods	Datalife Public Mods project
dlese	DLESE (Digital Library for Earth System Education) is a community-supported digital library dedicated to the collection, enhancement, and distribution of materials that facilitate learning about the Earth. Sponsored by the US National Science Foundation.
dlese-oai	Note: The DLESE OAI Provider and Harvester software is now located at the &lt;a href=&quot;http://sourceforge.net/projects/dlese/&quot;&gt;DLESE project area on SourceForge (http://sourceforge.net/projects/dlese/)&lt;/a&gt;
dlgc	An intuitive script builder for dialog based menuing interfaces for shell scripts. Eases the hassle of designing dialog menu interfaces
dlhttpd	dlhttpd is a webserver written in Java.  It emphasizes security, configurability, modularity, extensability, and programmability.
dlibrary	A distributed, searchable web proxy cache, focusing on disconnected or very slow operation for Internet cafes and libraries in developing countries.
dlife	Distributed artificial life architecture and implementations.
dlink-syslog	This perl script operates with the D-Link DI-764, DI-624 (and DI-614+) wireless routers to allow the logs to be pulled off of the router, and put into a local unix syslog facility.
dlinkpedia	We are developing an advanced and totally GPL&#039;ed Linux mini-distribution with uClibc libraries for AR7-based modem/router like D-Link DSL-30xT.
dlinkwcconfig	Configuration tool for DLink&#039;s 520+ Wireless Cards based on TI&#039;s acx100 chipset
dlip	A central database of all installable programs, descriptions, dependencies, source URLs, MD5 sums, and suggested menu listings and the software to read the database, usable by desktops and window managers to organize software and install any new software
dlist	dList replaces the built-in directory listing of Apache-like webservers with an easy to install, fully customizable, PHP driven directory listing. Say &quot;Yo dude&quot; to the world fancy, beautiful, and innovative directory listing for websites ;)
dliver	Web app for project management between students and teachers.
dlk	DLK is a ruby on rails based cms that focuses on integrating a forum with other modules to display all relivent information together. Currently we have plans for a Event Planner/Gallery/Forum/Article.
dllcapture	The OpenCV DLLCapture project goal is to provide an easy way for using the Intel OpenCV library face recognition feature within custom built applications.
dllexport	Allows .Net Developers (all .Net Languages with Attribute - Support like C# or VB.Net) to export native functions from ClassLibraries.
dlmgr	Download Manager is a set of PHP scripts which enable you to add a file download section to your web site.
dlml	DLML is a downloading meta language for scripting of downloads.   Better browsing through Perl.
dlnwn	Deadlands: The Weird West for Neverwinter Nights. Classes, hexes, maps, etc. from one of the best Book &amp; Dice RPGs out there.
dload	DLoad is a little Perl CGI that lets your users go through a form to download files.
dlog	A group of tools to analyze logfiles for qmail, tinydns, dnscache, rbldns, axfrdns and publicfile.
dlog4j	DLOG4J provide a full-featured, cross-platform, multi-database, wap-supported blog software, based on JSP/Servlet.
dlplus	DlPlus is a download manager supporting acceleration. It aims to make a fast, reliable, robust and portable (wxWidgets) way to handle download from the web, ftp and much more using plugins (Website grabber ...).
dlportal	A distance education portal for the Moodle LMS. Features to include course/program sign-up, student transcripts, advisor assignment, etc.
dlsoft	Dark &amp; Light - The Shadow Arena is Beat &#039;em up, with 3d graphic and with a beautiful story to the shoulders. This game for we is a &quot;test&quot; in order to try to develop something of various and innovative, but above all it will serve in or
dlstats	DLStats is OpenSource Download Anazyler - a simple php code, which you can include into your site and it gives you a view how many times was each file downloaded.
dltool	Dictionary tool to assist Chinese and Japanese language learners when viewing web pages or other text documents.  Automatically looks up and translates text on the clipboard.  Requires .NET Framework and language support for Chinese/Japanese
dlutil	dl is a perl script which offers a quick solution to the difficulty of recovering deleted files in UNIX.  Files given to dl are compressed, moved to a private directory, and deleted only when they haven&#039;t been recovered for a configurable amount of 
dlvide	A simple DLV (system for disjunctive datalog) editor and debugger developed in C# with syntax high light and other features like online manual and project management based in XML.
dlwrapper	DLWrapper is a POSIX Dynamic Linking Library API wrapper for windows
dlx	DLX is a Indexing Tool for downloads. Not only can it index previously downloaded files into catalogs and datafiles, it can also analyse files while they are downloaded and redirects them to a downloadmanager.
dlx0r	Internet repair tool utilized/abused by many internet companies, available to isolate, diagnose, repair and proactively prevent outages by providing redundant architectural information relating to your services and provide support to all people.
dlxmleditor	DINAMIC XML Editor is an open source XML Editor for the .NET platform. It is entirely written in C#. Features: XML syntax highlighting, tag folding, document validation, XSLT transformations, and many more.
dm-aide	GM Die Roller with extended capabilities. Conditional rolls, rolls consisting of multiple types of dice and more!
dm-gac	This is an academic project for automatic code generation, based in an UML entity class diagram and in templates created by the user. This project is developed under Java Platform and will generate code in Java Platform.
dm-milkprod	The relational data model for milk production provides a suggestion for data organisation in the field of Precision Dairy Farming. Its relational database schema supports an operational and an analytical view of data.
dm-qcif-codc	S264 is optimized standard H.264 baseline codec. Latest Information available at Codec Blog: http://dhcodec.spaces.live.com/
dm-rainfall	This project aims to provide a unified interface to all freely available rainfall data archives in the UK, and to data models. The key technologies are CORBA and XML, allowing anyone to contribute archive access, modelling and analysis modules.
dm-research	This program can be used to determine the effect of imbalance dataset to machine learning methods. It is written in Java and based heavily on Weka (another source forge project).
dm1	The goal of the DM1 project is build a Relational Database System that is suitable for educational purposes. DM1 will not be a production strength database; however, it will implement all the basic functions that are important for a DBMS student.
dm2	DM2 provides several enhancements that helps in every day work. DM2 can minimize any window to &quot;floating icon&quot; (unique feature!). DM2 can minimize window to tray, make it &quot;on-top&quot; and provide favorites files/folders in common Open/Sav
dm272-timerec	Application for retrieving and saving records stored in SAHO DM-272 time recorders.
dm2osc	A project to develop new hardware and software to allow Mixman&#039;s DM2 to work cross-platform and without the need for drivers. Atmel&#039;s AVR series, coded in C, is the platform of choice at the current time, but we are open to other chipsets/langu
dm4christ	Open Church Data Management Software.  The vision behind this work is to create a Christ centered community which will develop and support a set of J2EE applications for mission, ministry, people, finances, and event management for a body of believers.  
dm642-pci	TMS320DM642 Host-side PCI Driver
dma	Dungeon Master Assistant will assist a Dungeon Master to plan, and maintain a Dungeons and Dragons game. Store player stats, create monsters, create and save your game map, and email your players, all in one simple application.
dma-ring	For real-time, high speed, mission critical packet capturing without suffering any packet drops during high packet rates with relatively modest desktop hardware. Applications in: real-time network or large system monitoring or clustered systems.
dmachine	Download Machine is pure Java daemon that watches queue files for changes. If a new entry is available, DM will download it. Queue files are just URL lists. DM supports resume for FTP, FSP and HTTP downloads.
dmacs	DMACS: a feature-rich debugger that can be potentially used with any C++ program on any platform.  Designed with game programming in mind, it supports logging, an enhanced assert macro, state saving and loading, stack-watching, and more.
dmailer	Daffodil Organizer is an e-mail client with the facility to import mails from the Microsoft Outlook&#039;s .pst files. In Daffodil Organizer mails are stored in RDBMS that provides maximum flexibility to organize your mails. You can also categorise your 
dmalloc	The debug memory or &quot;dmalloc&quot; library has been designed as a drop in replacement for the system&#039;s malloc, realloc, calloc, free and other memory management routines while providing powerful debugging facilities configurable at runtime.
dman2044	midiman DMAN 2044 ALSA driver
dmanews	DMANews is a multi-user, multi-level news posting script focusing on ease of use and flexible customisation.It is written in PHP and uses a MySQL database.
dmanx13-0	Name:DiagnostMemory. Unlock your PC and LapTop.Exe:Dmanx.exe
dmapi	A Delphi TDataSet descendant for access to any MAPI container using a simple XML formatted query string (presently read-only).  With the dataset are a number of useful MAPI utility functions for Delphi developers.
dmaxx	Openmark will be a Open Source benchmark that will have 32/64 bit options for video rendering tests on X11 as well as HD speed, FSB, etc benchmarks. Also many tools like: temp monitor, speed control, etc.
dmbbs	DMBBS is a telnet BBS systems designed from scratch and written entirely in C. It is planned to support all the major features that a DOC like telnet BBS is expected to support, such as floors, rooms, chatrooms and eXpress Messages.
dmbportal	DmbPortal is a new open-source portal that is beeing developed by Dmbtechnology, totally free with source included under the GNU GPL Liscence.  DmbPortal is in php and uses mysql as a database.
dmbrowser	DMBrowser (Digital Media Browser) is a client browser for Apple&#039;s iPhoto and iTunes and other DMAP (Digital Media Access Protocol) servers that support DPAP (Digital Photo Access Protocol) or DAAP (Digital Audio Access Protocol).
dmc	DMC is a multi-protocol chat client (supported protocols are on our home page).  It supports end-to-end encryption over all supported protocols.  DMC allows other DMC clients to connect to a running session which then acts as a chat-proxy.
dmca	A suite of reverse engineering tools for ELF executables and any operating system that supports it, including numerous gdb patches.
dmcat	dmcat - Digital Music CATalog
dmcenter	DMCenter is a graphical media center based in Python and C designed for archiving and managing of large video and audio libraries.
dmcheatsheet	Dungeon Masters Cheat Sheet is a system that allows you to enter important information about a Dungeons and Dragons 3.5 quest or encounter including Player Characters, NPCs, Monsters, notes, an initiative order calculator and a random dice roller.
dmclient	DMClient is a client program for the web-forum at http://www.delphimaster.ru/
dmcms	DMCMS is a Content Management System based on PHP and MySQL. DMCMS uses a &#039;webmin&#039; interface to allow you to create and manage your website via your favourite browser. Multiple languages, media libraries, RSS news feeds and ease of use come as 
dmcounter	Statistics software based on PHP which does not require any database support, but just uses flat files. Daily + monthly visits, which pages, from where, browsers and OSs are listed and visually presented.
dmcourseware	A multi-purpose courseware web engine based on php/html/mysql. It is based on previous courseware experiences done for classes at the MIT Media Lab and Interaction Design Institute Ivrea.
dmcrawler	DM Crawler is a software tool that collects, stores, displays and analyzes object-oriented design metrics from XMI files using XQuery expressions.
dmd	DMD is a flexible DVD-like media container format. Play-DMD is a simple DMD-disk player.
dmda	DMDA is an Extensible and Customizable MDA Framework. It enables any user to easily describe model generation rules using different types of template mechanisms.
dmdaim	A net::oscar multi-signon and chat scroller.
dmdf	DMDF has collection of Frameworks for distribute your domain model. The Domain Model Transportation framework [sub project] let you use your own domain model replace DTO.
dmdictionary	DM Dictionary is a PocketPC program that it allows you to use a simple text file (.txt) to find the translation of every word you need. It finds a word in 3 seconds on a file with 11&#039;000 words!!!
dmds	Dungeon Master Nintendo DS port (for playing DM, CSB and DM2 on NDS)
dmdtrials	Trials of the Webbed Blade is a 3rd person action adventure game with a fast paced combat system at its core.
dmfc	The Delphi.Mastak.ru Forums Client (DMFC) programm uses for reading and posting forum messages on Delphi.Mastak.ru site.
dmg2iso	dmg2iso is a small tool for converting Apple Macintosh .dmg images to .iso images. The application is Universal.
dmguestbook	PHP guestbook witch use MySQL database. It has a lot of usefull option witch help you to include this source into your own website. ;]
dmhelper	A Java application aimed at helping a dungeon master during AD&amp;D gaming sessions targeted for PDAs
dmimc	Dynamic client side image map generator. Built using php to parse a file containing the data and generate the html image map and the image on the fly and output them to the browser.
dmine	Fast, scriptable data mining application. Supports unix pipes, redirection.
dminer	The Open DMiner provide KDD libraries, implemented in C++ for the study, evaluation and application of the various classification and prediction algorithms that have been published. The project objectives include performance, scalability and cross-platfo
dmines	DMines is the classical minesweeper game with a dynamic twist - some of the unrevealed mines change locations every set number of seconds (15 by default).
dmix	DMIX ( die-mex ) , is a new type of system, called DMS (Dynamic Mix System). In DMS systems you are free from the very specific shape and data, tha CMS forces you to have. DMIX is a DMS, and actually the first...
dmklib	dmklib is a library used to read and write DMK-format floppy disk image files.  DMK format is commonly used for archival purposes or emulation since it preserves details of the disk format.
dml	The Document Master List (DML) is a dynamic website application to manage files. It supports a directory like content system with revision control, search (also in documents), user authentication and more.
dml-vod	DML - Digital Multimedia Library\n\nDML uses VoD (Video on Demand), which allows users to watch movies or listen to music to every time.\n\nDML is multi-user-capable \nVideo- and Audiostreaming to every time\nVideo- and Audioacall from a central server
dml2	DML2 is a command line-based object-oriented content storage and document formatting system geared toward static HTML development.
dmlbuild	DML is an HTML templating language for static HTML-based web sites.
dmle	A free implementation of the classic game Dungeon Master from FTL/Interplay for GNU/Linux + SDL. Further implementations: other (POSIX preferred) systems supported by the SDL library.
dmlh	DMLH is a utility program for D&amp;D 3E that is designed to aid DMs in their often slow and tedious task of world-building. It functions primarily as a rule index, and also supports advanced database features, including editing campaign material in real
dmlite	Domain Model Lite is a persistent domain model framework. It is used to design and represent model concepts and their relationships in Java. A domain model may be validated through a default web application constructed from web components.
dmml	DMML aims at providing a comprehensive control over your music files (mp3, ogg...) thru the use of id3v2 tags and a Database. It can be used to organize, search and query your songs... it will support MusicBrainz (http://www.musicbrainz.org).
dmms	Document Management Made Simple: Goal is to provide the user a simple tool to manage an important amount of documents of each kind of format in a very simple way.
dmnc	This project includes a revision of the original DC protocol and the client/server apps to do STUFF with it. Basically, we got really frustrated at the inefficiency and stagnant design of DC so it is time for change. Change is goooood. :-D
dmneo-php	A collection of PHP scripts for both new web designers who just want to get a page up, and experienced php programmers who want to take the easy way out.
dmo	DMO uses PHP and MySQL to support documentation of all security, network and system objects within your computing environment. It offers a Web interface that enables easy navigation through objects, instances and attributes, with XML and access controls.
dmod	dMod is a modular daemonized client/server software using modules to add functionality. dMod operates on a unix-like operation system as a daemon, and on Microsoft Windows as a service.
dmon	dmon (device monitor) is a tool that monitors any ip device, web server, mail server etc. The output is displayed on web browser and can alert through pager/email/IM on abnormal conditions.
dmonitor	dMonitor liefert Statusinformationen ?ber einen Fileserver, ?hnlich wie der Monitor von NovellNetware.
dmons	DMonS is a distributed system for monitoring network nodes and services and primarily based on SNMP (Simple Network Managment Protocol). It&#039;s developed under GNU/Linux and GPL.
dmotd	An extended message of the day server and client ideal for use within a business network environment or university. Messages are only seen by the clients that need to see them.
dmoz-whitelist	The DMOZ white/blacklist generator is a Perl script to convert the RDF download file from the DMOZ website into one or more whitelists compatible with the SquidGuard and Dan&#039;s Guardian web content filters.
dmoz2mysql	This is a PHP script that is used to parse the DMOZ RDF data dump files automatically. It features downloading of the files, extracting, cleaning, parsing and inserting the data into a MySQL database. This script is pretty fast!
dmozdump	Parses out links from dmoz.org and puts them in your database!
dmp3	dmp3, a directory based mp3 player for windows. Future plans for Linux, other audio formats, and a controller for other media players. The source code also requires Abf Nonvisual Components(http://www.abfsoftware.com/) and Xaudio (http://www.xaudio.com/)
dmp4x	DMP4X is a manager software to configure and ease the use of the Dension DMP3 (in-car) MP3 player. As it uses Trolltech&#039;s Qt library it supports Linux, MacOS X and Windows.
dmremon	DMReMon (Distributed Multiplatform Resources Monitor) allows to display information about systems; like CPU, Memomy, Process information, Network ... Also adding new resources is quite easy and functionallity can be extended by using different plugins.
dmrt	This project have the target to develop a project about a game of Resistance Races
dms-canvas	With the final release of what will actually be in WotC&#039;s E-Tools.  It&#039;s safe for me to continue with my own generators.  D&amp;D 3E Generators designed in MS Access 97.
dmsearch	A script written in Python, which resolves a list of hostnames using Samba\\\\\\&#039;s nmblookup and adds them to the hosts file for use in linux.
dmserv	Object-oriented database server
dmsirc	This project is a collection of three different programs, regarding: 1) a program to include context-sensitive ranking when querying on a database, 2) a program for  estimating relative importance in networks. 3)Search of services in a sensor network
dmslrt	DMS Loader &amp; Reporting Tool is a tool for loading DMS performance statistics (snapshots) from the Oracle Application Server to a database repository and subsequently generating performance reports based on two snapshots.
dmsp11	Currently there are 300 or more molecular databases readily available in the  Internet. The usage of these data requires a integrated database tools capable of handling complex information. Our approch is to develop a integrated database schemtic tools.
dmsymbian	Datamatrix (2d barcode) reader for Symbian based mobile phones with built in camera. Projects aim is to create a free software that can be used to decoding datamatrix barcodes. Decoded datamatrix result is shown in a dialog box or passed to browser.
dmtl	DMTL (Data Mining Template Library) - A generic C++ based library for mining structured patterns such as sets, sequences, trees and graphs. The library provides implementation of popular frequent pattern mining algorithms.
dmublog	A DotClear modification to create your own blog hosting system. It&#039;s the same that&#039;s used on 666blog.net. (only in french, english version will come later) / Une modification de DotClear pour creer ton propre systeme d&#039;hebergement de blog.
dmucs	DMUCS works with distcc to allow multiple users to share a gcc compilation farm, while guaranteeing that each compilation will be assigned to the highest-performing, available cpu in the compilation farm.
dmusics	The digital music services project is a set of simple digital music utilities and libraries (used for file organization, id3 tag maintainance, etc.).
dmvault	DMVault is intended to enable users of commercial CAD systems to manage data in global environments
dmvtool	A PHP/MySQL web form for processing mutant vehicle applications.
dmx	DMX is a project to develop a complete Distributed Multihead X system, which will enable XFree86 (as well as any system with a standard X server) to distribute the X desktop across large display walls.
dmx4mplayer	dmx4MPlayer is a professional solution for presenting movies. It is an GUI for mplayer running on separated monitor. It realise fading of X11 and XV controlled per dmx-interface. Development started in 2006 for the independent media festival in Tübingen
dmxrecord	dmxRecord ist a utility that records light shows from the dmx4linux driver suite for later playback. A GUI and command line utilities for recording, editing, and play back will be available.
dmyreports	This is a dynamic report generator for MySQL. End users will be able to select tables, fields and set conditions graphically using a web based interface to generate reports. These reports can then be saved or exported to other formats.
dmz	DMZ - the no-mans land between the business and IT. A multi platform, repository based suite of modelling tools handling requirements, modeling, data warehousing and etl. Starting with a modeling framework.
dmz-usb-lcd	A combined hardware-software project where a homebuilt gadget connects an LCD to the PC. Uses the DLP-2232PB module from dlpdesign.com.
dmzbackup	Backup script for disk-to-disk backups of multiple remote hosts. Simultaneous encrypted data flows per remote or local host. Supports full and incremental backups of regular files and mysql data. Offline indexes to search for specific data.
dmzme	Push button activation of application firewall profiles for broadband routers.
dmzs-carte	DMZS-carte is a perl application that inputs the exported text of netstumbler and generates IDW overlay images on top of terraserver satellite maps.
dmzs-nocat	DMZS-NoCat is the backend management software needed to allow full end-to-end management of NoCat WIFI hotspots. Included are patches to NoCat, Full new-user registration, User account management, Hotspot Owner statistics and Adminstrative level controls
dn-cam	PNG images to CNC G code files
dn-irc-client	Simple, usability and multiplatform irc client, with module support.
dna	DNA stands for Dr.Sweety aNd Ade, our nicks. Currently we are providing a script that gets data from a fli4l router and display it using a flash movie ... it\\&#039;s called Dinar. Feel free to download it, use it and modify it!
dna-kit	Simplify and speed up design processes of multimedia projects using this framework application. You may create nearly any file format out of ONE draft or create your own screenpainter application using the construction kit.
dna-mud	DNA Mud will be a complete, Win32-based engine- and server system featuring a simple, yet powerful object-oriented design. It will include an OS-independent world construction tool with GUI - all built from scratch.
dna-repeats	DNA Repeats (biological palindromes, biological repeats, mathematical palindromes, mathematical repeats)
dna2abc	dna2abc turns DNA sequences into musical sequences. The key feature is the rule editor; a rule is a regular expression paired with a Tcl script. dna2abc scans a DNA sequence, testing each regular expression: if it matches, the Tcl script is run.
dna2forms	dna2forms is a frame based database structure that allow to change database layout dinamycally, providing fast and flexibile plattaform for information systems.
dnacms	The DyNAmic CMS is a platform which allows web developers to quickly and easily create a dynamic CMS web site with session control, GUI-based CMS and the ability to extend the functionality of the site by providing access to a variety of plugins.
dnacypher	DNAcypher allows to create passwords that are secure and extremely difficult  to crack or guess due to random password seeds based on natural DNA sequences and to an optional combination of lower and upper case letters, numbers and punctuation symbols.
dnadkp	DNA DKP is a webapp for World of Warcraft guilds to be able to track their points earned and spent during regular raid events.  Although it is custom written with ClanDNAs rules in mind, any MMORPG group should be able to make use of it with few changes.
dnaid	DNAID software is a tool for assessing confidence in biological identifications made by comparing DNA sequences.  It allows DNA sequences to be placed within a taxonomy and determines confidence in matches of a query sequence to each taxon.
dnal	Dnal is a CircleMUD (BPL18) that is being modified. CircleMUD itself has its own liscense and I believe I listed this under those liscenses also.
dnalab	AI Editor for the Genetic AI mod for Civilization 4
dnanalytics	dnAnalytics is a numerical library for the .NET Framework. The library is provided in two versions, fully managed or with an interface to native BLAS and LAPACK libraries. The library is compatible with Mono.
dnaraidtracker	Raid tracking software for clan dna
dnarep	DNA Replicator is a graphical tool (written in java) that compute the complementary sequence from an input DNA sequence. It&#039;s a really easy used application.
dnasystem	DNA is an open, flexible and extensible deep network analyzer software server and software architecture for gathering and analyzing network packets, network sessions and applications protocols, passively off enterprise class networks.
dnax	The ultimate goal of this project is to create a Java based DNA viewer that is both flexible and extendable. The initial phase will involve the design and implementation of a framework that can be used either with this project or other similar projects.
dnbd	DNBD (Distributed Network Block Device) is a read-only and caching network block device.
dnc-two	Dawn Never Came 2 is a continuation of the game Dawn Never Came. Improvements include levels in the battle engine, more gun upgrades, improved multitool system, a map, and a new story. See http://psychdesigns.net for the original game.
dnc-webparts	Our project aims to create a set of ASP.NET web controls and applications that are commonly requested by programmers&#039; groups and associations and use the power of collaborative work to tune and extend them to suit this purpose better.
dncache	DNCache is a port of EHCache to the .NET Framework. Since EHCache is the primary cache for Hibernate, the goal of this project is to be the primary cache for NHibernate.
dnd	I program a game based on D&amp;D rules...\nFor now I program it only in C# and it is in dos stage.\nAfter I will finish the beta I hope to move on to something better than dos.
dnd-adv-game	Do you know Dungeon And Dragon, if so you will like to participate in this project to build a small game base upon it, A style of MUD (Multi-user Dungeon) base on the rules of DnD 3.5. Video conference and audio will likely be input to help the game.
dnd-tng	This project want to create a Perl and XML based DnD Character Generator
dnd-tools	DnD-Tools is a set of web based tools for the pen and paper role playing game Dungeons and Dragons that uses PHP / mySQL.
dnd3e	This project is no longer maintained.  It has been integrated with the Open Gaming System (OGS).  Visit sourceforge.net/projects/ogs or ogs.sourceforge.net for more information.
dnd3rd	3rd Edition Dungeons and Dragons Character Generator is an HTML/JavaScript Web page that allows the user to quickly and easily create new Dungeons and Dragons characters.
dndbot	DnDBot will be a multi-platform IRC bot for helping chatters play structured (or not so structured) Dungeons and Dragons games.  Allows the owner of the bot complete control in Windows or Linux.
dndcomp	An application (Win32 to start, but most likely a java version to come) that will track stats, skills and spells for the Dungeons and Dragons role playing Game.
dndforme	A Java Swing GUI to automatically create a Dungeons and Dragons 3.5 Edition character. Select your Class, Race, Level, Atributes, Skills, Feats, Items, Weaponns, Armor, and Spells. Everything else is calculated for you!
dndgallery	Our Drag&#039;n&#039;Drop Gallery is a free, simple gallery written in PHP. By simply dropping the gallery file into a directory filled with pictures, you can have an online Gallery Page without the need to install or configure any script.
dndgen	DnDGen is an online Dungeons &amp; Dragons Character generator and maintainment system.
dndhub	The project is designed to be a program that enables users to chat with others for a comprehensive Dungeons and Dragons experience. The client will feature chat, tables with useful data, monster information, stored characters, and more.
dndics	A multi-user, java based chat and dnd play system. Stay tuned for the frist addictions!!
dndm	Dungeon Engineering is a tool for designing, saving and printing maps for Dungeons and Dragons.
dndnet	DndNet is a set of tools designed to make playing a paper and pencil role playing game more simple. This will include special clients for the Game Master, Players and a server for messaging and data storage.
dndremake	This a ground-up remake of Daniel Lawrence&#039;s DND computer game, with emphisis\non the questionable RO Software release in the 80&#039;s.\nIt&#039;s written (so far) in FreeBasic.  I plan to add many more features\nthen the original game contained.
dndsource	This is a mod for CS:S Servers that will add extra features that resemble characters and abilities of the classic Dungeons and Dragons board game.
dndt	Eclipse Public License
dnet	A php/MySQL driven CMS created with usability in mind. Intended primarily for users desiring a &#039;Blog+&#039; without the hassle of learning cryptic commands abbreviations. It provides a web-based WYSIWYG interface, and supports extensions. Demo avail
dnetc	This program simplifies the mass-installation of the Distributed.net client. It is useful if you are a sysadmin and, rather than downloading and configuring the client on each computer, you can have the installer on a diskette or a network share.
dnetgridlayout	A very simply programmed .NET-compliant library bringing Java&#039;s concept of Layout Management and LayoutManagers to .NET, with emphasis on the GridLayout and VB.NET.
dnetprocessing	DotNetProcessing is a port of the original Processing language to the .NET platform.
dnfbb	dnfBB is a powerful and fast 3 Tier, C# discussion board or forum for websites running ASP.NET. Native support for multiple forums within the same db structure. Designed to work with Firebird and MySQL, support for additional RDBMSs in the future.
dnfc	DNFC is an attempt to codify some of the often used bits of logic and processing in .NET applications.
dnfengine	dnfEngine .net is an engine built over the sdl .net with c#, the purpose of this engine is to simplify the game developement and add more feature like level loader from xml file and in the future implement a visual level editor
dnfframework	The driving intent of DotNetForge is to provide a place where a shared set of knowledge and functionality developed around the .Net Framework can be shared freely.
dng-portal	Service-oriented Portal/CM System for community websites (.NET based)
dnhttpd	A lightweight HTTP server written in Perl. It aims to be fast, full featured, and easy to use.
dni-ipde	The new Interactive D&#039;ni Encyclopedia.
dnibot	DNIBot is an IRC bot, written in .NET, with an excellent plugin model for great extensibility, and almost complete remote managability (via IRC of course).
dniproim	Dnipro IM - new ICQ client. Writting on Delphi. Very easy, but I want to make The Really Good IM. So, connecting to me, connecting to Dnipro!
dnivalidator	Seguro que más de una vez te has preguntado de dónde sale esa letra que acompaña al N.I.F. y que da como resultado el llamado D.N.I. Bien, pues ésta aplicación te enseñará todos sus secretos.
dnk-parse	The Dragon and Kangaroo Parser Framework Library, for C++, is intended to be useful for developers of more specific parser libraries, generic or otherwise.  The aim is to generate, at compile time, efficient parsers from grammars.
dnlp	Distributed Natural Language Processing (DNLP) is a project to move existing C# and java tools (e.g. sentence parsing) to multiprocessor and cluster implementation.
dnm	Set of php scripts which allows you to provide your own system of dynamic dns. It makes possible to share a part of its domain names, allowing visitors to create one or more hostnames, and to configure for each one different dns records. (ipv6 compatible
dnmbrowse	dnmBrowse is a wicked skinned browser for Windows. The power of IE combined with a fully customizable look makes this the browser you should choose.
dnn	Open Source Web Application Framework for the Microsoft ASP.NET platform.
dnn3mysql	MySQL Provider for DotNetNuke 3.x
dnncb	DNN Content Builder is a simple yet powerful Content Management System for the DotNetNuke Open Source Portal providing workflow, metadata, and extensible form/template design capabilities.
dnncs212	DotNetNuke Core version 2.1.2 ported to C# for use in Mono with an open source MySQL database provider in development.
dnnnews	The DNN News module is a core DotNetNuke module that allows you to create news channels of aggregate feeds as well as display news feeds (RSS, atom, etc) in a customized format.
dnnodp	DotNetNuke Oracle Data Provider using ODP.NET.Which included  an Oracle Helper that mimic Microsoft Data Access Block plus Ref Cursor,Clob etc.
dnnpaformgen	A DNN Module code generator. The generator creates all standard DNN2 module vb code, access scripts, dnn file ,viewctl,editct and searchctl. The genrator will create forms to be used in a DNN2 module from MSaccess tables and views
dnnxxl	Content.NET is a portal framework based on ASP.NET and Microsoft SQL Server. The system is able to manage content in different languages. A powerfull skinning engine and content management functions are some of the key features.
dnotes	OS Independent (Written in an interpreted language)
dnp	DNP protocol (dnp.org) C++ library. Master and outstation implementations. Supports DNP IP networking and includes prototype for DNP secure authentication.  Test GUI uses Qt4.
dnpb	Prebuild is a cross-platform XML-driven pre-build tool which allows developers to easily generate project files for major IDE&#039;s and .NET development tools including: Visual Studio .NET 2002, 2003, 2005, SharpDevelop, MonoDevelop, NAnt and Autotools.
dnport	Domain Name Portfolio is a Web based application to help domain owners better organize their portfolio. It allows you to list your domains with expiry, registrar, price, and status. It also allows visitors to your portfolio to contact you about a domain.
dnptrapper	DNPTrapper is a shotgun sequencing assembly editor, specifically designed for analysis and finishing of repeated DNA.
dnrd	Domain Name Relay Daemon is a caching, forwarding DNS proxy server. Most useful in vpn or dialup environments but it is also a nice DNS cache/ad-blocker for minor networks and workstations.
dnrdalmas	DnrDALMAS is a Prolog module intended to be a general-level Prolog implementation of the abstract DALMAS (Deontic Action-Logic based Multi-Agent System) architecture. A DALMAS is regulated by a normative system based on the theory of normative positions.
dnrlogging	This project provides additional infrastructure classes for using the Java logging API in a real world environment and documents a collection of best practices associated with using the API.
dnrs	The Shared Registry System is software (client and servers) for managing a domain name registry, and is most likely to be of use for managing a country TLD.  The software was originally developed in 2002 to manage the New Zealand (.nz) domain name space.
dns-block	Dave&#039;s Naughty Stuff Blocker.  This is an open source solution to allow administrators to filter and redirect selected &quot;inappropriate&quot; sites based on a list of specific sites and/or strings.
dns-ldap	Complete LDAP based DNS Server Management System. DNS Server Manager is a web interface and utility for managing DNS records in LDAP server and LDAP to DNS Server, which also provides LDAP replication to replicate DNS zones on different DNS servers.
dnsarchive	A repository of Direct Numerical Simulation codes (Full solutions of the Navier Stokes Equations in fluid dynamics) in various geometries using a mix of high-order finite-difference and spectral methods.
dnsbalancer	A distributed java application for DNS based load balancing and node monitoring especially for Grids that allow adding/removing servers on demand (i.e. Amazon EC2 or other grids). Currently works as a backend for PowerDNS.
dnsblproxy	This is a software system designed to &quot;proxy&quot; any number of dnsbl&#039;s.  The system is designed to work with static, or dynamic dns zones(bind spec), sendmail access files, or libmilter and uses perl and bdb.
dnsbot	DNS load balancing system for IRC servers. Analyses the output of &#039;/map&#039; to determine load levels &amp; select the proper server. Uses a DynDNS dynamic domain to provide a balanced address.
dnscat	DNScat is a &quot;swiss-army knife&quot; tool to tunnel traffic through DNS servers. It is a small, yet powerfull tool, similar to netcat. In conjunction with PPP server, it allows to build a VPN using DNS packets. DNScat is a useful tool for penetration
dnschecker	This program pings an F5 BigIP shared IP (or other shared IP) and compares the response to a user-defined &quot;Preffered&quot; IP to determin if DNS should be modified into Failover mode.  It waits 2 minutes and checks again.
dnscontrol	A dns admin web-based tool written in perl on catalyst
dnscreate	This is a Kylix/Dephi app to set up the DNS records of a BIND server.
dnsdlientdotnet	Complete DNS Client. Easily extensible with plugins library.
dnsedit	A quick and easy DNS editing tool for linux. written in PHP with a web front end. manages named.conf and associated db (zone) files.
dnsgraph	Dnsgraph is a very simple dns statistics RRDtool frontend for Bind (named) that produces daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly graphs of success/failure, recursion/referral, nxrrset/nxdomain.
dnsipadmin	The goal of this product is to manage DNS and DHCP configuration files for a large number of hosts spanning multiple subnets and multiple domains, including the ability to trivially move systems between networks and redefine existing networks.
dnsjail	dnsJail is a daemon that provides custom DNS resolution to clients.
dnsjava	An implementation of the DNS protocol in Java.  dnsjava includes a set of classes that can be used within other programs and several user tools.
dnsjibbajabba	Robust implmenetation of DNS client and server for .NET Framework 1.1
dnsmage	DNS Mage is a dyndns.org client made in java. Support multiple dyndns accounts and hosts, mail reporting, logging, systray support (under Windows and KDE only), XML based database, multilingual (french and english only yet) and more....
dnsmail	A project written in C# sends email without defining a smtp server. It queries dns servers for the MaileXchange records and sends them directly, so, there is no need to define a smtp server. It supports complete SMTP and SSL protocols.
dnsmanager	This project allow to maintain large number of DNS Zone from the registry to zone contents. This project will be divided into 5 sub-projects (core, administrative, billing, contents, transfert). Bind (named) configuration generator.
dnsmasq4lan	dnsmasq4LAN is a DHCP/DNS Server designed for LAN Parties. Leases are stored in MySQL tables and are manageable through a web interface. Some other features: traffic limitation for each user, temporary leases to require user authentication
dnspentest	The DNSpenTest will be a suite of pentest about DNS system. In a near future you will found a set of tool like: a fake DNS server, a DNS packet forger, etc... So, stay with us...
dnspimp	DNS Pimp is a restrictive DNS wrapper. It forwards or drops packets that would normally go to your DNS server, based on the packet&#039;s originating IP, the QNAME in the packet and policies set in the configuration file. Dynamic configuration is possibl
dnsproxy	DNSProxy is a perl DNS daemon which forwards DNS requests to DNS servers based on the hostname pattern.
dnsqlpanel	Dnsqlpanel is an easy to use control panel for bind, using the mysql sdb module. It provides direct access to the tables that bind reads from modifying data in real time.
dnsquidacl	This is a modification of dnsbl_redir. It uses Squid acl_external for a web content filtering using a DNS Black-List.
dnss	Advanced DNS service that permit a source level control on domains and subdomains quality based on languages certification and clean and clear arguments expressed in every pages using, when possible, netiquette-based filter to produce level-aware respons
dnsscanner	DNS Scanner is a tool to determine if DNS is \\&quot;broken\\&quot;. \\&quot;Broken DNS\\&quot; refers to a DNS system that is not configured to industry best known practices. A series of tests are performed with resultant metrics generated to substantiate t
dnssec-tools	This project aims to increase the usability of the DNS security extensions provided by recent dnssec specifications.  The results of this project will include documentation and tools to help create, deploy, administer and test DNS systems using dnssec.
dnstest	dnstest is a program with additions which concentrates on testing delegation points in DNS. This imply it verifies whether the data in the parent zone and child zone is matching each other.
dnsupdate	create/update DNS tables, uses dynamic update of BIND 8 or higher
dnsutl	The dnsutl package is a collection tools to make administering DNS easier. These include reverse map generation, validation, and much more.  All of these programs are robust when faced with all the peculiar semantics of DNS resource files.
dnswl	Tools and scripts to retrieve, prepare and use data from http://www.dnswl.org/
dnsx	A better asynchronous/bulk DNS stub resolver library
dnudal	A comprehensive Univeral Data Access Layer for the .Net Framework, written exclusively in C#.  It will access SQL Server And Oracle Databases through a single intuitive API and will support remoting. Other databases and Mono support will be added later.
dnvnccl	VNC-Client for .NET is a VNC-Client written in C# using the .NET Framework. It allows you to interact with a remote computer running a VNC-Server.
dnx	Distributed Nagios eXecutor (DNX) is a NEB module, server, and client daemons which allow the check plug-ins to execute across multiple &quot;worker nodes&quot; in a load distribution cluster.
do-ngo	DoNGO (Do for NGO) is an accounting program for NGO&#039;s. The software is the only software for now that fit in with FASB Statement No.177 and PSAK No.45 (Indonesian) for NGO.
doa	Dragons of Abyss is an MMORPG that combines elements from RPG and FPS game genres.
doaflex	Flex 2 Code Generator for Data Services and databound controls. Input: Java classes annotated with SQL statement and metadata tags Output: fully functional deployed presentation with server Java components working in DataServices or Remoting mode
doaml	DOAML (Description Of A Mailing List) is an ontology that aims at describing Mailing Lists and Newsletters. The DOAML Project also provides tools for working (authoring, viewing, validating...) DOAML data.
doaps	Data Origin Authentication protocal server/client
doas	This project provides one or more subset solutions for the UK National Health Service National Programme for IT. This project provides basic tools for the production and maintenance of SNOMED CT Clinical Terminology subsets.
dob2	An advanced Ultima Online emulator packaged based on RunUO and Sphere emulation concepts, containing pre-UO rennessaunce leading up to newest game content Mondains Lagacy. We are murging ways to form a 3d engine platform as well.
doberlec	This project aims at producers, developers and publishers of interactive entertainment software. It is written in English and provides you an oversight of current methodologies to compress images, videos and files to conserve their maximum quality.
doblet	Doblets are a framework for dynamics downloadable objects to used in interactive (chat-like) environments.
dobrado	Dobrado is a CMS that is designed to make website layout and content creation as simple as possible. It does not use templates, instead allowing the user to drag and drop content on the screen. It is licensed under the Affero GPL.
doc-book	DocBook Wiki is a web application that is used to display and to edit online DocBook documents.   It displays the documents directly from the DocBook(XML) format.  It also supports several modes of editing (text, xml, latex, texi, etc.).
doc-cap	DOC-CAP adds prefetching and caching of remote method result values to CORBA to reduce the number of network roundtrips between a CORBA client and a CORBA server, thus increasing the performance of distributed CORBA applications.
doc-vbdotnet	This project is initiated to generate proper XML Documentation files with intelligent documentation from VB.net projects without using complex ways of documentation
doc2html	The Doc2Html command line operating program strippes the Word produced html files (by opening the documet, saving as html) leaving pure text + minimum html code. It also has a mode to convert data berween different charsets: DOS, Windows-1250 and ISO-885
doc2igc	This tool can be used to convert Soaring Pilot generated flight logs in Palm DOC format to IGC logger file(s) for use with flight analysis software like SeeYou and SoaringDotNet or to upload your flight to the OLC server.
doc2pdf	Doc2pdf is an email robot that converts Microsoft Office attachments (.doc, .ppt, and .xls) to PDF.  Next time you email a Microsoft Office document, CC doc2pdf.  Doc2pdf will convert the attachment to PDF, and send it in a reply to all recipients.
docaml	Documentation of the compiler and virtual machine of the Objective Caml language
docassistant	The software help user manage the files and Picture files.it can general and transfer many kinds of models,append the files information to models.
docbase	Share Documentation System.  This helps you maintain your online documents, such as installation guides, handbooks, FAQs, manuals and so on.  You can add, delete, edit document using only your web browser.  The editor is a Rich Text Format using CSS (Sty
docbeep	Doc Beep is a high performance implementation of the BEEP messaging protocol framework (RFC3080, RFC3081) in both C++ and Java. DocBeep also includes modeling tools to portably support development, deployment, and configuration of BEEP applications.
docbook	Home for the DocBook XSLT stylesheets and DSSSL stylesheets and more.
docbook2fo	This project is to create a software tool for transforming XML base docbook to XSL FO so that thay can be further translated to PDF using FOP or any other printable format.
docbook2odf	DocBook XSLT stylesheets &amp; utils to OpenDocument transformation (text/presentation/...) with support for Corporate Identity templates.
docbook2x	docbook2X converts DocBook documents to man and Texinfo format.
docbooksml	DocBook sml maintains multilingual documentations, generates fully automated artifacts(html,pdf,xml,txt), uses DocBook XSL,Saxon,Xalan,FOP,Lynx, is driven by Ant,Yax, supports Computer Aided Translation and runs standalone or in an IDE like Eclipse.
docbookx	Comprehensive DocBook XML processing solution for MacOS X
docbookxml	This is an Emacs-Lisp package that enables easy editting and maintenance of DocBook XML files within GNU Emacs.
docbuddy	An Eclipse plugin designed to support to documentation of Java code by guiding the programmer through missing documentation and by providing additional content that is difficult to generate by hand (all the callers, calls, overriders, etc).
docclerk	Jalisco is an powerful document manage system that makes it easy for your team to collaborate and share knowledge.
docconversion	The DocConversion project provides a distributed document conversion solution with a well defined API which makes use of existing convstion tools and/or a centralized conversion server. This is part of the PRONIR research at http://www.pronir.nl
docdb-v	DocDB is a powerful and flexible collaborative web based document server which maintains a versioned list of documents. Information maintained in the database includes, author(s), title, topic(s), abstract, access restriction information, etc.
docdesignr	Document Designer is an XUL app to make complex design documents for software or engineering construction.
docdest	A client-server Document Management System based on lucene as full text search engine. Allows you to scan or import documents and create virtual folders.
docdiff	DocDiff compares two files and shows the difference. It can compare files word by word, char by char, or line by line. It has several output formats such as HTML, tty, Manued, or user-defined markup.
docdiscovery	AJAX,document discovery search system for legal discovery,email search &amp; other types of docs i.e. MSWord,Excel, TIFF, etc. Uses SQL Server FTS - full text search, to index emails &amp; attachments. Documents are stored in SQL Server Written in C# ASP
docedit	DocEdit is a high-quality freeware document editor.
doceng-toolkit	A Windows installer for a set of open-source tools useful in doing document engineering.
doceval	Doceval is a software that allows to discover the documentation included in a tarball. Basically it serves to identify if a given software project has doc at all and helps with a report to evaluate how much documentation it has and how good it is.
docextract	Extracts Python docstrings from modules by parsing, not importing.
docflow	Document Flow Management System
docflowsoft	Infrastructure for creating document flow solutions, document forms, document printing forms.  Automated data structure creation and modufucation.  Basic shems for store managment, accounting and other document flow tasks.
docforger	DocForger is a document management system allowing teams to work on documentation with one common source. Some of the features are versioning, permissions, and publishing. DocForger is written entirely in Java and is therefore platform independent.
docforum	Create an on-line documentation for software distribution, online tutorial or online course teaching materials in a few mouse clicks. It can also used to create case, scenario setuo for feedback collection and tacit knowledge capture.
dochtml	DOCHTML is a command line DOS application that converts a HP200LX Memo file to a HTML file that can be directly publish on the web. The formatting facilities available in memo editor can be used and they get translated to their HTML equivalent.
docindex	Docindex is an open, extensible system that permits web-based catalog searches and access-controlled fetch from a group of document repositories on multiple CVS (or other) servers.
docingstation	The Doc&#039;ing Station is a PHP and SQL application to store, search and download various documents.  It provides a web front-end with user and group file permissions.
docjar	Docjar project is an Eclipse plug-in that allow users to search Google and and docjar.com without leaving thier Eclipse window. Users can access thousands open source Java API document (javadoc) from docjar.com with a simple right-click.
docjsp	Extracts information about jsp pages for use by developers.  Integrates with regular javadoc documentation for .java files.
dockapp-osx	The DockApp framework is a development library for MacOSX written in Objective C.  Its purpose is to facilitate DockApp development on the OSX platform.   A bandwidth monitor DockApp based on the X11 program wmnet is included as a reference application.
dockboard	Dockboard is a text editor that is created for authors writing books, articles, and other published works. It provides the ability to organize large documents and export to various formats.
dockclock	dockclock is a small, fast docking applett designed to work with fluxbox / blackbox. Showing the time and date is its main purpose, but an alarm of two types - countdown and a standard one will be supported.
docker	Docker is a Windows installer, packages builder and manager. It permits to build, manage, upgrade, software and libraries under Windows.
dockit	dockit can download fop, docbook-xml, docbook-xsl automatically, and configure the environment for docbook processing automatically. The install script is writted in Lua.
dockmm	Dockmm is a fork of MacSlow&#039;s cairo-dock testing app ported to C++. It&#039;ll be a fully functional dock.
dockmod	extend your apple mac os x dock functionality - access all your open windows at one click in your dock! used to linux / unix or windows workflow? no more window dragging to unveal other documents
docknow	a full web system,contains passport,cms,blog,forums,groups,album,and so on. it based on asp.net 2.0?these system can be used together or individual.User can use these to create web site directly.
dockpanelsuite	The docking library for .Net Windows Forms development which mimics Visual Studio .Net.
docktalk	Jabber client for Windows Mobile devices
dockutils	Dockutils is a collection of scripts providing an infrastructure to easily trigger actions on docking requests for different laptops. Distributions as well as laptop vendors get a handy possibiltiy to improve their support for docking under linux.
dockx	DockX is a dock/toolbar similar in look and feel to the dock found in Apple&#039;s OS X.  It is designed for UNIX systems, particularly Linux and Solaris, and is written using C++ and Trolltech&#039;s Qt 3.x libraries.
doclet	Java Technology XP Documentation
docletassistant	This project is continued in the JBoss-IDE project (http://sourceforge.net/projects/jboss). The sources are at (/cvsroot/jboss/contrib/jbosside). XDoclet support in the JBoss-IDE is much better then in the docletassistant, I wouldn&#039;t use it anymore.
docletxml	Javadoc Doclet which produces XML output describing java source code structures. Includes a filter for producing metric information.
doclipse	The Docbook Plugin for Eclipse will allow generating documents within Eclipse IDE environment to various file formats that docbook supports using docbook xsl.  Possible future enhancements could include support for docbook dsssl and apache&#039;s FOP sup
doclite	DocLite is a simple documentation authoring system, it produces multi-page HTML output (like this document) in a style similar to that found in the Linux HOTWTOs or other DocBook created documents.
docman	Document Manager is a document management system with the ability to check-in/check-out documents, track changes, and support multiple users. It supports all usual operations (rename, delete, view, edit) and comes with optional support for a secure HTTPS
docmanager	Docmanager is made to submit and validate documentations and specifications for various projects for a small team of developers (10-50) and share these on a local network. This project is made in php and requires a mysql database.
docme	Send it your email address, the page you wanna test/doc and the output format and woop! you get the documented test results in the selected text, html or PDF format.
docmgmtsys	DMS (Document Management System) will organize the documents in an enterprise by providing the features like version management, project/role based security and web-centric user interface. This is the great tool to manage document in a simpler way.
docmgr	A PHP/Postgresql based document management system (DMS) with pdf and ocr-based indexing, and optional tsearch2 support.  It also has access control lists, user permissions assignment, file discussion board, and multi-level file grouping.
docmint	Docmint is a multilingual CMS for online manuals like the PHP.net website. It features comments, search, templated layout, code highlighting, localizable admin and public interface, file upload, UTF-8 support, import from HTML, and a WYSIWYSG editor.
docmngmt	PHP Web Application for Document Management
docnlib	A collection of programming libraries to ease cross-platform development.  docnLib&#039;s goal is to provide an abstract layer between your software and the operating system it runs on, meaning system-call functionality is essentially cross-platform.
doco	Doco is a simple but feature rich and powerful markup language for converting text documents into highly-presentable and navigable web content.
docoabrowser	Browser for Apple&#039;s Cocoa and custom AutoDoc documentation. Integrates with AutoGraf to display diagrams of class hierarchies. DocoaBrowser can be downloaded from here, or with AutoGraf from http://autograf.sourceforge.net.
docofire	Docofire (Document Content-based Filtering for Reccomendation) is a  Content-Based filtering tool for recommending documents to different users. It recommends docs to users based on the profile and docs of other users.
docomation	Docomation automates the creation of documentation while designing programs, databases, servers, etc... (so there&#039;s no excuse not to document!); it stores history in a database; checks/standardises the structure; can generate any reasonable format (
docommerce	doCommerce is osCommerce with many useful/necessary fixes, patches or contributions, compiled together as one package, for Portuguese online shops.
docostor	Docostor is to be a multiuser document management system giving users access to revision management, workflow, enahced security and auditing.
docperl	DocPerl provides a web-based interface to Perl&#039;s Plain Old Documentation (POD). It is a graphical easy to use interface to POD, automatically listing all installed modules on the local host, and any other nominated directories containing Perl files.
docposition	DocPosition is a content management system built for the web. It can be used to easily create and deploy large websites. It includes a set of components such as eCom, which is a complete ecommerce system.
docprovider	A new OLE DB Provider based on the OSP Simple Provider to support database and source code projects documentation. Now we add a new helper VB6 add-in with some interesting functions.
docrepo	Document systema repository and delivery documents nettwork system
docrepository	DocRepository is a document storage system based on keywords and other searchable fields such us author, keywords, description, etc. Documents can have associated files. Backup functionality is also available to store documents and track backups.
docright	Document Right - Scans your source code to make recommendations where you should comment your code and checks documentation style
docs	Cache hierarchy extension to Simics to allow implementation of custom coherence protocols and L1-L2 cache interconnect networks.
docs4j	Docs4j is a signed applet that acts as a GUI for the Javadoc utility.
docsearch	This is a network based text search tool. The Network part consists of Client and Server side .class files. The text search algorithm has been implemented in C. On client side type SearchClient ip(server) string
docsearcher	DocSearcher is a search tool for indexing and searching files on a personal computer. It uses API&#039;s to provide search functionality for common document formats. currently: Word, Excel, PDF, Open / Star Office, RTF, Text, and HTML
docshelf	This is a document management system written in PHP4. It supports multiuser to store, manage and share their documents (public or private) which are held in database as binary objects. User can search and download other one&#039;s public files.
docsis	This program encodes a DOCSIS(tm) binary configuration file from a human-readable text configuration file.
docsis-mt	Docsis Modem Tools is a project aimed to easily consolidate all tasks required for adding/editing/removing docsis clients with many more features.
docsispro	ProVISION is the free alternative for Cable MSO&#039;s to gain control over their cable modem subscribers.  The initial goal is to provide a series of scripts using Perl to query modems, CMTS&#039;s, and DHCP servers for useful information.
docsoapxdk	The DocSOAP XML Development Kit (XDK) is a Java Web Services SOAP, and XML Development Kit that provides effective and efficient ways of manipulating XML documents and building Web services solutions for &quot;document style SOAP&quot;.
docsqm	Docs Query and Maintance, Manager the important document with the tool, like a file  store.
docstorage	Goal of the project is to provide reliable and enterprise ready document storage and indexing system. Mission is to develop cost effective document storage system based on Open Source which can meet small and medium sized bussiness needs.
docsum	Document summarization system. By adding document content to system, user queries will generate a summary document containing the available information to the system.
docsynch	DocSynch is a collaborative editing system on top of IRC. By transforming single-user editors into multi-user editors, it allows to remotely edit text documents together. Implementations are targeted as extensions to many popular text editors and IDEs.
doctator	DocTator allow to easily documentate the source structure of a project gathering information from the files together with additional information provided specially for the tool
doctaur	DocTaur is a Web-based searchable directory of reference manuals. You can freely download, install, and administrate it on your local Linux intranet server. It is powered by the ht://Dig search engine and contains reference manuals for developers.
docteam	DocTEAM, TYPO3 documentation project. Tools and method for a documentation system about open source project.
doctorcola	DoctorCola is a multi-purpose framework for web sites and services. This framework will provide a webmaster with little to no programming skills the ability to put together a dynamic content site, e-commerce site, online game, blog, webmail, webforum and
doctorj	DoctorJ is an application that analyzes Java code and documentation, finding oversights, errors and common mistakes that the javadoc tool does not.
doctorjopentool	This DoctorJ OpenTool allows developers to run DoctorJ on their source code from within JBuilder with the touch of a button, and be presented with the results in the message view.
doctors	A .NET ASP app for trouble ticket system
doctransformer	A tool for transforming DocBook XML to high level type setting languages like Lout and LaTeX. It converts documents into Postscript or PDF and  can be used as part of a tool chain as a replacement for openJade/jadeTeX.
doctrasformer	DocTrasformer is a document management system able to convert documents stored in proprietary formats into open ones. And viceversa.
doctrine	A document processing tool that transforms XML source documents using Python and XSLT.
doctus	Doctus is currently a verb-drilling system for students of Latin. Nouns and other parts of speech will be included soon, and the project&#039;s ambition is to include everything a student needs for learning Latin in one free OS-independent application.
doctweb	PHP + MySQL web interface for doctor&#039;s offices, advanced flexible scheduling tool, patients data control, particular and health plans payments facilities, receipts and medicine databases.
doctypechanger	DoctypeChanger is a small Java utility that lets you add, modify or remove a DOCTYPE declaration from a byte stream as it is fed into an XML parser. This gives you complete control over which DTD, if any, your XML is validated against.
docudb	DocDB -Simple document management system (PHP) based on FFDB (Flat file database)
docugent	Docugent is a java-based toolkit of Document Management and Content Management modules.  It provides a diverse set of functionality, both for easily deploying basic document-tracking applications, and as a foundation for intranets and web portals.
docuhelper	Java based documentation assistant for auto-documenting EJB, Corba, COM, ActiveX, etc. components of a system
documancer	Documancer is programmer&#039;s documentation browser based on Mozilla. It comes with fulltext searching and support for all common docs formats (HTML, info, man pages, DevHelp, CHM).
documania	DocuMania is an easy document management system for handling your scanned-in documents. All additional information is stored within XML-Files and there is no need of a database.
documentation	A simple system written in PHP for creating documentation. It allows you to define documentation modules (bits of data) and include them and/or link to them from other places in the documentation using recursive includes to pull the data in.
documentator	Linux Documentator, Generate a basic html documentation of the Linux Operation System; Lefting more easy for the network administrators to document your servers;
documentmanager	The project applies Three-Tiered pattern and Service Oriented Architecture in a distributed system. The scope of this project is to show the architectural and implementation advantages of distributed systems.
documentor	A fully automated Delphi unit interface documentation system which generates Windows help files and Web output. Generated Windows help files are like Delphi&#039;s help files, and integrate into Delphi.
documentseer	DocumentSeer is a full blown program to organize documents in your hard disk. It is aware of a wide range of common document formats. With it, you can find any document easily. Counts with a nice interface and scripting.
documentserver	A xml-based document-server (via XML-rpc) and report generator which converts data from a database to xml, formats it using FOP or XSLT and then sends it to a device like printer, fax, mail
docuoptimizer	Need to reduce the file size of your Word Documents, Excel Spreadsheets or PowerPoint Presentations? Then you need this program!
docutils	Utilities for general- and special-purpose documentation, including autodocumentation of Python modules. Includes reStructuredText, the easy to read, easy to use, what-you-see-is-what-you-get plaintext markup language.
docway	The DocWay Published Folder portlet allows you to easily embed Documentum content into your JSR-168 compatible portal.  The portlet allows countless users to access files with only a single account.  It can be extended to support additional data sources.
docwhatsup	A bug profiling and -reporting program/lib written in java. It enables implementing (java-)programs to generate meaningful reports in case of an error. They can be submitted (automaticly/dialog) by mail (text, html, bugzilla ..) without external programs
docwiz	DocWiz is the easiest way to add and edit JavaDoc documentation in your Java source code.
docwys	This project solves problems of RightTOLeft of DocBook.Also this project is preparing a software what is an WYSIWYG editor for DocBook.It&#039;s under all POSIX OSes.You can contribute and donate this project...
docx	DocX is a JavaDoc(Doxygen) like documentation system for C/C++, Java, etc. And it&#039;s more flexible. It&#039;s easy for you to extend supported input formats and to customize output representation.
docxp	docXP is a JavaDoc processor for PHP.  You can use docXP to generate XML descriptions of your PHP code, and to produce HTML output using XSL templates.
docyrus	Docyrus is a web application allowing to create articles from imported chapters or articles. You can store local documents (doc, wiki, HTML, RSS, openOffice) online, manage them online and export them in many formats (pdf, openOffice, HTML,...).
dod	Debs on Demand incrementally creates and maintains mirrors of apt repositories based on access patterns.
dodge2002	Dodge 2 is a board game for Win32.
dodgebrawl	Multi-Player Dodge Ball game for either XBox360 or Windows.
dodger-tools	The Dodger-Tools are compilation of different scripts for audio/video compression (aided by mencoder, mplayer) and filesystem and file encryption. Other helpful scripts may follow.
dodgerd3d	Dodger is a 3d directx 9.0 car game. It uses the Microsoft Managed Directx API, thus, requiring the end user to install the .net framework. It will feature detailled car models, car sounds and eventually network play using Directplay.
dodo	Dodo is a programming language. Dodo is object oriented. Dodo is concurrent. Dodo is developed for people interested in programming languages. Dodo is not developed for general programming at this stage. Long live dodo.
dodo06	Dodo..Providing integration and style to your company
dodocad	DodoCAD is a Free suite of AutoLISP and VBA tools for AutoCAD. It simplifies the typical configuration and editing tasks required in the Architectural/Engineering practice.
dodona	Dodona is a molecular dynamics program which aims to treat nanostructures. It is provided with a basic interpretater language and can easily be extended with plugins. It supports basic matrix and vector manipulation in a Matlab/Octave-fashion way.
dodye	A C++ implementation of a FIPA-compliant agent platform.
doedels	DOEDELS is a (multi- and) singleplayer adventure enigine written in java(j2se1.5 +). The project contains the games-engine and some editors to create your own 2d adventures. The Adventure will allow to mix the gameplay with some details of RPG- and strat
dofconverter	So far there\\\\\\&#039;s a game called Racer (http://www.racer.nl/) and that\\\\\\&#039;s a car-racing game like NFS...They are using a format called *.DOF for their 3D-Models (cars and tracks), but only Windoz has a supported DOF-Converter (from ACE, 3DS or 
dofg	Dices of Gizeh is the multiplayer version of &quot;The Game&quot;, a board game with a triangular tablet that you can build a pyramid of dices on.  There are countles games to play...
dofis	A web-based Java/MySQL Document Filing System which can store uploaded documents in the database or on a computers file system.
doforum	doForum is phpBB with many useful/necessary fixes, patches, modules and hacks, compiled together as one package, with Portuguese translation.
dofx	A simple Java library to parse OFX files.
dog	DOG is an alternative to COMMAND.COM, better and smaller.
dogapi	DogApi is a C++ library designed to interact with the Aibo robot dog (Ers-7model). It&#039;s primary goal is to allow the creation of movement scripts that can be performed by the dog.
dogfight	Networked biplane battles! Think games like Sopwith but with 4 on 4 multiplayer battles.
dogfight2	in the early 90ies dogfight was a very funny public domain 2d-game for the amiga. We (David Bührer and I) rewrote that game for windows32, using directx.\nThe gameplay and graphics are great, but the code needs some improvements. \nHave fun!
dogfood	Dogfood is an opensource Groupware/CRM browser based system based on the wonderful phprojekt project. The biggest changes we&#039;ve made are to trash the existing phprojekt mail module and wrote one from scratch. We&#039;ve also tightened up relationshi
doggiecms	Bundled with a Forum and User Registration written in JavaScript and PHP. Each user will be given their own number of web pages depending on their User-Level. Each page will be created via a WYSIWYG editor but in future releases FTP uploads may be suppor
doggone	A notification and control plugin for Eclipse that helps distributed teams avoid clashes when committing to a common source repository.
doggy	Userspace daemon for Linux&#039; watchdog drivers.
dogless	OpenGL to ES realtime translator with extra profiling and debugging capabilities. It translates OpenGL calls into OpenGL ES and forwards them to the underlying OpenGL ES implementation DLL. Can also wrap on the standard OpenGL impl with ES simulation.
doglinux	Doglinux is a free linux distribution based on debian and ubuntu. Doglinux is available for AMD64, EM64T; and for i386 and derivates;for example (amd k7, intel pemtium 4 of 32bits procesors...)\nDOGLINUX VERSIONS\nDoglinux for users\nDoglinux server ED
dogma	The Dogma Project is a free multi-platform management program for breeders, kennel managers and dog sport enthusiasts to track vital data about their dogs.
dogme	Dogme is a downloader for GNOME2 based on GTM and libprozilla
dogo	Dogo is a security tool designed to manage hugh, complex and changing networks. It includes a linux based firewall and a centralized web administration console capable to configure several dogo firewalls from the same place.
dogon	Dogon is a form engine for a non code-specialist audience. It prodives a simple language that allows user to define data that compose the form, validations controls to execute and screens to display. It should be used for small and simple opinion polls.
dogperl	DogPerl is an offline Perl/Tk widget documentation viewer. It includes an adjustable interface. The program is an encyclopedia for Tk within Perl. The program illustrates the use of Perl/Tk.
dogrescue	DogRescue is a portal site, written in PHP which is used to track the activities of volunteers working for dog rescue organizations.  It tracks the location and status of dogs, contact info for volunteers, and lots of other things.
dogs	DOGS est un projet d&#039;ordinateur console de jeuc libre. Ceci sont les source des programmes en GPL. site du projet : http://fdogs.free.fr
dogtt	dogtt is a Java library that allows transfer of complex graphs of data objects between XML and RDBMS. The structure of the graph is specified through XML metadata. Applications include data migration and data setup for unit testing.
dogwood	Dogwood is an ontology-aware Distributed Annotation System (DAS) server framework for the integration of biological, biomedical and clinical data.
dohickey	A hardware information program for gnome, using HAL to detect all available hardware and downloading required information from an online service.
doht	Dynamic open hash table using CPtrList class
doi	DeeDS operating system interface: A message-based operating system adapter for the components implementing the DeeDS (Distributed Active Real-Time Database Management System).
doimenu	A DHTML menu bar that can be use integrated on your browser. Based on JavaScript languange. You can very easly use and modified to your needs. For while please refer to http://doimenu.sourceforge.net or http://www.donnaiwan.com/doiMenu/
doins	DOINS, or DOINS Is Not Slashdot, is a web-based information and news service in the spirit of Slashdot, only not-quite-so-advanced... yet.
doispi	2PI - Plataforma para desenvolvimento de aplicações para sistematização e unificação do processo de projeto de produtos industriais.
doit	Pronounced &quot;doo it&quot; not &quot;doight&quot; - Doit is a scripting tool and language for testing web applications that use forms.  Doit can generate random or sequenced form fill-in information, report results (into a database, file, or stdout), 
doit-base	DOIT BASE helps to build java applications that have to store or manipulate data in a database. Through its heavy use of DynaBeans its especially suited for developing web sites based on Jakarta Struts but standalone applications are supported as well.
doitlist	DoIt List was created to store and retrieve quickly all informations TODO during a project developement. DoIt List is a Tray application.
doja-quiz	Trivia quiz game for DoJa 2.5 enabled mobile phones.
dojaflash	A generic flash-card application, using XML-based data files, designed to run on DoJa/iAppli mobile phones.
dojangro	DojangRO, a private Ragnarok Online Server.
dojo-mgmt	This project is dedicated to the development of an OpenSource Dojo (Karate) School Management software.
dojo-pal	The PHP Abstraction Library for the Dojo Toolkit.  A lightweight, web-services-like library designed to allow the programmer painless AJAX access to PHP functions while preserving the robust functionality of Dojo.
dojocompiler	DojoCompiler is a server side linker and compiler (written in PHP and JS) that removes the dependencies Dojo (the javascript toolkit) has on other files within the Dojo package - it compiles all the files required  by your site into one script on the fly
dojofaces	Dojo Faces is a set of JavaServer Faces components based on the widgets of the Dojo Javascript toolkit. It offers dynamic, AJAX ready user interface components for JSF based web applications.
dojoside	dojoside is a framework of the dojo development.It includes a simple widget API that you can use to create new widgets or wrap existing widgets from widget libraries such as those from Dojo, YUI, Zapatec, or WebFX.
doka	doKa is a download accelerator/manager for KDE, with the beauty of KDE. It supports various connections that divides the file. It&#039;ll have the feature of add new connections on the &quot;fly&quot;.
dokdb	Dokumentenverwaltung Es werden die Speicherorte von Dateien erfasst, verschlagwortet und in einer Datenbank gespeichert. Weitere Features: Mehrbenutzerbetrieb, virtuelle Ordner, Versionskontrolle, Dateisperren
dokeos	Dokeos is an elearning and course management web application, translated in 31 languages, already helping thousands of organisations worldwide to manage learning and collaboration activities. It has many tools, is light and flexible, and free software.
dokeos-comp	Dokeos is an elearning and course management web application, translated in 31 languages, already helping thousands of organisations worldwide to manage e-learning and collaboration activities. It has many tools, is light and flexible, and free software.
dokinawa	An open-source online document management script. Includes uploading and user management.
doklejki	Plugins to EzHTML
doko-calc	Doppelkopf Calculator Tool for PalmOS
doks	An extensible system for creating web content from XML, which provides features similar to LaTeX (such as section numbering and generating a table of contents), and easily extensible via Perl to simplify and fit the syntax to your data.
doksproject	DoKS (Document and Knowledge Sharing application) is a digital library tool that makes it easy to publish, store, share and find documents online. The original focus of the project is the publication of ETDs from Flemish Institutes for Higher Education.
dokumechan	dokume_chan is a web based python application (made with django) that want to create an online accessible catalog of educational resources for many type of programs. It will be integrated into eduknoppix live CD
dokuwiki-cvs	DokuWiki is a simple to use Wiki aimed at a small companies documentation needs. It works on plain texts files and thus needs no database. It has a simple but powerful Syntax which makes sure the datafiles remain readable outside the Wiki.
dokxht	This project provides developers and others with some extensions to XHTML allowing easy and flexible documentation writing in XML/HTML. Those documents can be transformed to ordinary HTML by some XSLT scripts.
dol102	This program is my custom-made Internet Multi-Player game. You can have tons of fun with your friends with the program&#039;s many fun games. If there is a bug or an error, e-mail information to funkybutt1991@yahoo.com. The program is upgradeable and fre
dol2day	Diese Ini soll den logistischen Support f?r eine m?gliche Freigabe der dol2day-Scripte liefern und dabei vor allem Support, Bug Tracking und Dokumentationen bereitstellen.
dolabra	The purpose of the Dolabra project is to provide a Free file splitting and joining utility, which will appeal to users of proprietary software, as well as to the Open Source community.  Currently, a GTK interface is under development.
dolarsee	Sistema para monitoramento da cotação de moedas. O sistema trabalha capturando os dados das cotações de um site, logo o sistema joga os dados para a tela.
dolatex	Latex editor with document structure tree view and project handling. Latex output allows direct jump to warnings/errors. Projects folders gives support for figures/graphs. Editor component includes usual features like search/replace and syntax highlight.
doldaconnect	A P2P client supporting multiple filesharing networks built on the Direct Connect model. The initial target is indeed the Direct Connect network. The client has a back-end daemon, and a GTK2 frontend that connects to it. Multiuser operation is supported.
doldatabase	This project is a development team for implementing all the daoc classes and spells on the DOL (Dawn Of Light) server.
doldataloggin	DataLoggin provides the raw data Database for the Dawn of Light Server Emulation Project. (www.dolserver.com)
doldawebmail	A PHP Webmail, utilizing persistant IMAP connections and XHTML 1.1. Since the name is rather long, the preferred nickname is &quot;d-mail&quot;.
dolibarr	Dolibarr is a featurfull ERP/CRM (Enterprise Resource Planning / Customer Relationship Management) for small and medium companies, fundations or freelancer.
doll	DOLL - Linguagem de programação orientada a template que permite a criação de aplicações dentro de uma árvore de aplicação com comunicação inter-processos transparente e alocação dinâmica de objetos, além de polimorfismo e geração de tem
dollybase	dollyBase is Dbase Clone, can read old dbf and prg files, and can interprete the old applications in xbase
dollyp	Dolly+ is a program which transmits files and disk images to two or more nodes in a Linux PC cluster at high speed.
dollywc	Dolly helps you in installing software on the group of identical workstations by copying contents of the entire hard drive through a local network. Dolly is capable of using compressed disk images stored on the server. It uses PXE, etherwake, bash.
dolmen	Dolmen: a human-level programming language. Dolmen is intended to be an easy (in the user, not programmer sense) object-oriented programming language. Its syntax is inspired by that of AppleScript.
dolphin	This will be a web browser based on Mozilla/IE/KHTML but with many additional features for building online communities. It will include one or more Java implementations (Kaffe, the Sun JRE and/or GCJ runtime). It will also include JXTA (www.jxta.org).
dolphinfileman	Dolphin is a file manager for KDE focusing on usability. For more information please check the Dolphin homepage at http://enzosworld.gmxhome.de
dolphinmk	Dolphin is an advanced, real-time microkernel. It is based on the L4Ka and Fiasco kernels, to provide a powerful microkernel for future computer systems.
dolphins	This project aims to develop a MTA (Mail Transfer Agent) system which can send emails stably to PC and mobile users and supports CRM functions.
dolrecon	DOL Remote Control help you to Configure and Control your DOL Freeshard without to connect with the GameClient to the Server. It is a easy GUI.
dolserver	Dark Age of Camelot ( DAoC ) Server Emulator.
dolwin	Dolwin - Nintendo Gamecube Emulator for Windows
dom-result-set	Java DOM wrapper for java.sql.ResultSet; Allows using XPath / XSLT on a thin DOM document representing the result-set. Document does not contain the actual result-set data, only references to row and column indices.
dom-sensus	Dom-sensus is a semantic web project. With Dom-sensus,  people will be able to manipulate and share their own metadata, based on which, communities and consensus will be formed. The latter will serve as the building blocks for domain ontology.
dom4cpp	dom4cpp is a library for parsing, creating and modifying XML documents. It&#039;s written in C++ using STL and expat.
dom4jb	dom4jb is a XML-Data-Binding library for the dynamic mapping of JavaBean-based object graphs into a tree-based XML representation (i.e. DOM or XPath-Models), so that these can be transformed by means of XSLT. It is completly written in Java.
domadi	domadi [DO MAilDIr] is  a daemon that monitors the contents of mail folders stored in maildir format. When changes are seen, actions can be taken.
domain-control	Domain Controller will let you manage all of you domains and clients online though a web browser interface giving you many options to choose from. Programmed in ASP
domain-replacer	This is a little program that replaces the domain name of a URL that is types into a web browser to the IP address. Its useful for use in places where your web access may be restricted, like in my situation, my school webserver.
domainauditor	Domain Auditor was written to simplify the task of tracking pooled accounts within an AD domain. The driver behind the tool is compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) requirements. Domain Auditor simplifies generting reports to satisfy audit requirements.
domaincreator	Este projeto foi feito para facilitar as configurações dos administradores de redes que pretendem implementar servidores de DNS e DNS reverso, com uma maior facilidade e utilizando um solução OpenSource.
domainer	Domainer is a simple web based app for administrators who maintain many domain registrations across multiple registrars. Domainer allows you to track domain information including the registrar, domain expiry information and passwords.
domainicator	The Windows NT Domainicator is an open source, remote administration tool written for Domain Administrators on networks running Windows NT/2000/XP Workstation and NT/2000/.NET 2003 server.
domainobjects	DomainObjects is an object-relational mapping tool that generates your .NET data layer source code, manages transactions, provides IntelliSense(tm) assisted query building, has excellent performance and enables easy maintenance of a rich domain layer.
domainsearch	DomainSearch is designed to help administrators find information from computers on their network quickly and easily, without the need of writing WMI scripts
domainseller	This project will be a collection of scripts and a web-frontrend for for ISP&#039;s to manage mydns and register domains using email-templates.
domainstat	Find out where your website visitors are from:  generates statistics on hits per top level domain (e.g. .com, .org, .uk, .se, .fr).  Currently works with apache log format, but can easily be extended to understand other formats. Written in vanilla Python
domaintrack	Management of domains on a DNS server for renewal and expirations.  The package will allow DNS administrators to manage thier domains no matter what registar they use.  Mainly designed for DNS administrators of ISPs or companies with many domains.
domappliproject	Embeded software for Atmel AT90USB1287 EVB
domaxh	DOM translated Asynchronous XHTML lets you communicate with your server via AJAX, and recieve plain XHTML + scripts that are then translated to your DOM for easy insertion/substitution. What does this mean?: AJAX with no innerHTML and no cryptic XML!
domcapi	DOMAPI is a set of library routines for the &#039;C&#039; programming language implementing the W3C Document Object Model. Function signatures match Oracle&#039;s XML Developer Kit so DOMAPI will be source-code compatible with Oracle&#039;s XDK.
dome	The DERI Ontology Management Environment (DOME) is developed by the Ontology Management Working Group (OMWG). The aim is to provide tooling support for Editing &amp; Browsing, Versioning &amp; Evolution as well as Mapping &amp; Merging.
dome-continued	DoME (Domain Modeling Environment) is a project intended to provide a platform and language neutral modeling environment. This generalized framework provides a means to implement a generic modeling type. See http://www.htc.honeywell.com/dome
domenico	A collection of various programming tools, written mainly for my own pleasure.
domesu	A variant of the popular UseModWiki software, updated with new features including per-user language support and anti-spam features.
domexpress	PHP Template engine that uses DOM to manipulate HTML templates instead of mixing HTML with proprietary template tags. Allows pure seperation between logic and presentation in that template files are regular HTML pages with no {{weird looking tags}}
domhelper	Modern browsers are lacking in JavaScript implementation of DOM2 modules other than CORE and HTML. DOM Helper seeks to make more of DOM2 available to modern browsers, and make a JS DOM language binding available that is more like the Java DOM binding.
domiclipse	Domiclipse is an eclipse plugin for developing IBM Domino agents, script libraries and web services in Java. Domiclipse is also a foundation which can be used to develop other Eclipse plugins which access Domino databases. Please visit http://www.domicli
domify	Domify is a Java library which adapts an arbitrary graph of Java objects to a W3C DOM interface.  The DOM nodes are lazy-loaded to minimize processing overhead.
domigene	Domigene is a genetic algorithm API attempting to incorporate dominant and recessive genes. Supports modular evolution types, genetic programs, definable instruction sets, variation in population, chromosomes, mortality, mutation, fitness functions.
domin	Domin is a multiplayer(humans/AIs) board game where the goal is to dominate the board with pieces of your color (fire, water,wind, etc).  Each piece effects some of its sourrounding pieces when placed and captures them to gain points.
dominance	Software for the VR3 Linux PDA made by Agenda Computing.
domination	Domination is a game which can be described in one word alone: Dominate! By building ships, defensive towers and a range of soldiers you may attack your enemies. Conquer them all and Dominate the universe! Textbased MMORPG.
dominator	DOMinator is an XML (de)serialization package for Java objects. The resulting XML files are self-describing and self contained. i.e. no external schemas/definition files required. Extensibility is provided through the use of custom class handlers.
dominatrix	Dominatrix is a general purpose framework for building dynamic distributed projects.  It is fairly stable, easy to use and extend, simple to install, and can be used for most any project that requires computation across multiple machines.
domingo	Java-API for stable access from Java to to Lotus Notes/Domino via local call or Corba, as easy to use as LotusScript. Domingo is compatible with Java 1.3 or higher and with Lotus Notes/Domino R5, R6, R6.5 and R7.
dominica	Dominica will be a turn-based strategy game.
dominionmud	A fantasy based multi-user role-playing game.  This server should run on all unices, it has been tested on Linux, Solaris, SunOS, DG/UX and HP/UX.  There is no client, the standard telnet will do.  It is based on CircleMUD 3.0.
dominium	Dominium is a Perl cgi that provides a web based DNS management program.  It was designed to manage a large internal DNS.  Works with a Bind 8 or above master server and with Bind 8 and above or Bind 4.x slave servers.
domino-calendar	Complete framework for cleanup Old Calendar/ToDo in mail database in Domino Server
domino-game	The main idea for this project is to develope a complete multiplayer web-based platform for dominoes game.
domino-javadoc	Generates Javadoc documentation for Java classes of the Lotus Notes API together with pseudo-source code. This standard Javadoc documentation can be integrated with IDEs like Eclipse. The generator depends on an installation of the IBM Domino Designer.
domino-log4j	This project provides a couple of Log4j appenders to log into Domino databases from various contexts like servlets, Java clients and, of course Domino Java agents.
domino-x	Domino - solitaire &quot;Pyramid&quot;.
domino4e	Domino4E is an Eclipse-plugin to use for developing applications for IBM Lotus Notes/Domino. It makes it easier to use the features of the Eclipse-IDE for development, testing and deployment purposes in Lotus Domino.
dominoantispam	This is an ActiveX control of SpamAssassin to be used in Lotus Notes/Domino.
dominodav	Java Servlets that implement the webDAV protocol to access IBM Lotus Domino data as native XML files as well as attachments in Notes documents.
dominodig	DominoDig is a perl program designed to help facilitate auditing Lotus Domino web servers.  Produces an HTML report that provides a list of all the unique .nsf databases it was able to access, as well as IP addresses and email addresses.
dominoes-onion	Play Dominoes against the computer! Play a tile so that the ends add up to a multiple of 5 to get points! Watch out though-- the computer makes the best moves available to it! Operates in command line at present.
dominoesonline	A online multiplayer dominoes game.
dominoext	ExtND--Ext for Notes and Domino--aims to develop a framework that will extend Domino, based on EXT to provide an easy to use, well structured, well documented, tool that will yield a highly finished product in a matter of days, not weeks.
dominofs	Driver for a MS-Windows-file-system based on a Lotus Domino database. A user should then be able to mount a domino-database as a new drive.
dominohunter	DominoHunter is an open-source security tool that is able to scan and detect structure vulnerabilities in Domino Web servers. This scanner works on the web application level, unlike most scanners that can only detect server-specific flaws.
dominotrader	Chart based real-time derivative front-office trading system
dominus	A control panel for named/bind based name servers written in PHP and using MySQL. With support for users, master and slave nameservers, automatic zone file generation and refreshing and more..
domit-rssparser	DOMIT! RSS is an RSS parser for PHP, written purely in PHP. Unlike most existing PHP RSS clients, it uses a DOM XML parser -- DOMIT! -- to convert an RSS feed into a DOM document that can be traversed using the standard DOM methods.
domit-xmlparser	DOMIT! is a Document Object Model (DOM) XML parser for PHP, written purely in PHP. It is mostly compliant with the DOM Level 2 specification.
domiwraps	domiWraps let you easily integrate Domino databases with custom design into web  applications and (JSR168) portals.
domix	C++ Server for a dynamic home-automatisation-network based on the 1wire protocol. Later it will have a php-based frontend.
domjcaconnector	Lotus Domino DIIOP J2EE Connector. This JCA connector will easily integrate your Lotus Domino server into an existing J2EE compliant application server, such as JBoss.
domjudge	DOMjudge is an automated judge system for programming contests. Both team and jury side interfaces are (mostly) webbased. It is written in PHP, shell-script and C/C++ and needs MySQL and a webserver.
domlet	The domlet project is a framework for building interactive web pages based on browser features such as DOM and XMLHttpRequest.
domlet4j	Domlet4j is a toolkit which provides a DOM (Document Object Model) of HTML documents to Java which gives developers a pure view unlike JSP, ASP, PHP. Use plain HTML documents to generate your website and swap them out without changing server side code.
domo	A music organiser which indexes digital audio sources and inserts everything into a relational database. The database can then be queried, exported and compared with other sources.  Audio CD &amp; TRM audio fingerprint lookup is available through MusicBr
domocontrol	Domocontrol will&#039;be used to control a domotic web server which control until 128 220V output .
domoikane	This project demonstrates the use of a sniper gun (physics), and the behaviour of agents in a 3D world in case of a catastrophy like the assassination of a person.
domonet	The proposal is to realize a framework that allows the integration, the interoperability and the remote control of the offered services from the domotic middlewares currently introduced on the market throught an XML grammar (domoML) and web services.
domoserveur	The Domoserveur is a domotic server for a personal use. Easy to config and cheap.\nIt runs on a Linksys NSLU2
domoticat	This project (written in C) aims to create a user-friendly interface for developing and using linux-based home automation on different hardware platforms and with support for different technologies/busses like I?C, X10, .. trough a standardized interface
domoware	DomoWare (Domotics softWare ) is a collection of software modules, tools and specifications focused on to model Human Home Interaction (HHI) in a smart home or more generally in Ambient Intelligent (AmI) environments
dompdf	dompdf - the PHP 5 HTML to PDF converter. dompdf is a (mostly) CSS compliant HTML rendering engine written in PHP. It supports external stylesheets, inline style tags, and the style attributes of individual HTML elements.  Requires PHP 5.
dompres	The DOM Presentation Layer (DPL) is a Java-based presentation framework that allows you to convert HTML documents into objects, modify them through a simple API, then convert them back to HTML. DPL integrates very nicely with Struts.
domprofiler	There exist many implementations of XML parsers that create DOM.  The Radiance DomProfiler parses an XML file and builds a DOM from a handful of available parsers - CRIMSON, DOM4J, JDOM, SPARTA, XOM, XERCES, XPP - to compare time taken and memory used.
domsafexml	DOMSafeXML is an XML database platform based on MonetDB. It offers multi-user access to XML files via DOM interface. Language bindings for COM, C++, Java and C# are available.
domunit	A lightweight framework for unit testing XML in Java.  Similar to XMLUnit, but with less baggage.  Requires JUnit and a DOM parser.
domus	The Domus project is a simple and powerfull web based forum system developed in PHP over MySQL, with multiplataform support (linux, Windows, ...).
domuse	Java software to control a juke-box from a web-browser running on a remote (e.g. handheld) device with a rich, extensible, interactive  subjective metadata framework to assist in the browsing, management and classification of  large music collections.
domusld	DomusLD is a Web based IMS Learning Design environment that can be used autonomously or integrated in a LMS or LCMS. Is based on SOA architecture and the main components are the Learning Design editor, the parser and the player. The main goal is to suppo
domwebbbs	Make a VBB style and function whith Domino,just another BBS that will be use in Domino platforms.
domwrapper	Simple and straightforward Java &quot;wrapper&quot; class to make it easier to interact with an XML document via the Document Object Model (DOM).
don	&gt;&gt;English: DesktopOnNet&#039;s a system written in PHP which can be enhanced with programs like an operating system. &gt;&gt;Deutsch DesktopOnNet ist ein in PHP geschriebenes System, das, ähnlich wie ein Betriebssystem, mit Programmen erweitert wer
don-dragonfly	The Net counts myriad developer tools. But they represent as many islands of automation. The goal of this project is to provide the (long-seeked) cement that binds them together. Focus is (for now) on C/C++, Perl, documentation, and build environments.
donald-java	Donald is a framework for duck typing in Java : instead of specifying the type of objects that your java computational logic will process, you only specify the behaviour this objects must have. Donald helps you specify the expected behaviour of an object
donaldos	PL/SQL Editor with direct connect to Oracle.
donar	This project aims at creating a complete virtual secured private network under two main tools : openvpn and tor. The purpose is to create a complete package easy to install for companies which want to securised their network.
donation	DONATION is a powerful and user-friendly program used to track donors and donations, and issue receipts, for churches, charitable organizations and other non-profits. It is powerful and very easy to use.
donations	Donations is a Swing based system developed to help non profit organizations to control their donations and givers they have.
donetvn	Di?n ?àn ??n gi?n vi?t trên n?n .Net (vb.net), s? d?ng SQL Server và Microsoft Access
dongfeng	DongFeng is a mips simulator which simulates MIPS I ISA and above.
dongo	Automatic installer and configurator of linux machines, developed for maintaining a 120 machine university network. Has capabilities to bootstrap machines from package mirrors or clone them from existing ones, and configure them using a meta-etc tree.
donitor	eDonkey-monitor collects data of some central aspects of an edonkey server (package sonitor) or an edonkey/overnet client (package donitor) and presents this data in form of detailed time-graphs over a lean but visual appealing web-interface.
donj7	It is a minimaly multiplayer role-playing game that tries to reproduce an actual Pen&amp;Paper game, through massive use of dialog between players and a game master. The main universe is loosely based on an french MP3 adventure, &quot;Le donjon de Naheul
donkaza	Donkaza, based on the popular open-source Shareaza, will improve Shareaza and any other eDonkey network client to make the eDonkey network more efficient, speeding up sharing process.
donkeyprog	DonkeyProg for DIY PIC Programmers K149/K150
donkeyring	Donkey Ring es un sistema multiplataforma basado en web (PHP y MySQL) para la coordinaci?n de descargas de redes p2p en grupos de conocidos con acceso f?sico que evita que se repitan descargas en el grupo.
donkeyspy	Donkey Spy is a small tool helping you to keep your eDonkey under control
donkeywatcher	A project to develop software which will allow the user to retrieve information and statistics regarding the status of the eDonkey2000 client, via the world wide web.  Perl based for maximum portability.
donnerlaparole	Clavier virtuel et synthétiseur vocal pour les personnes ne pouvant plus parler et ayant du mal à utiliser leurs mains. Virtual keyboard and speech synthetiser for people with reduced mobility and unability to speak. Currently available in french only.
donnrisk	Multiplayer network Risk written in Java.
donortrust	Software to broker and track sustainable development/aid projects to donors in the developed world.
dont-panic	Don&#039;t want to get busted by your boss or your teacher playing Solitaire, chatting or surfing the web? Close and open multiple programs with the click of a button. So you won&#039;t have to panic anymore...
dontpanic	dontpanic is a web based tool to manage software development. It is inspired by agile software development principles, and implements a kanban like concept of work assignment. It supports development tracking, milestone (iteration) and release planning.
dontshootsmiley	Don&#039;t Shoot Smiley is an arcade shooter. Shoot the frowns with 5 different weapons and avoid Smiley. A fast paced shooter that will entertain for hours.
donut	DOnut&#039;s goal is to provide a framework for easing the incorporation of design patterns into the development process. DOnut is both a project and a tool for generating source code based on design patterns.
donutnews	Donut News will be designed completely in OOP with hope to make it easier for someone to modify and or update it. It will try to have enough features to make the tech saavy happy, and easy enough to use to make een the novice user understand it.
donutsrevenge	Donut&#039;s Revenge is a 2D Action/Shooter game intended as a stepping stone to more complex games. It will use mouse and keyboard input, scrolling backgrounds, sprite animation, and an original soundtrack(hopefully).
doobiebot	Doobie bot is an advanced IRC bot wrote entirely in C. It has ctcp, dcc, partyline, and linking support, with plans of having a scriptable perl interface soon. Eggdrop-like without using any bloated eggdrop code.
doobrie	PHP scripts for managing the front end of a web site.
doobs	Populous.  With an economy.  You are a god, and you rule over your doobs.  Your doobs start off as a handful of mindless peasants, but with the right environment they could be shaped into a great people... your great people!
doobsexporter	Export any type of database to your pocket pc (using the doobs viewer). Currently support BDGest&#039;, xls &amp; meedio
doocgen	CVS repository of all study work during my engineer courses at EIVD.
doodah	Doodah is a set of programs to manage a MySQL database of MP3s. It has a command-line based administration tool and a cool GTK jukebox-style frontend that supports XMMS or any command-line player.
doodle2	New version of the Doodle project (http://doodle.sf.net). This project is related to Origami (paper folding) diagramming.The goal of this new version is to overcome limitations of the existing Doodle to propose an Integrated Diagramming Environment.
doodleproject	DoodleProject is a collection of open source solutions geared toward software development.
doogsnx	Doogle&#039;Snakes is a snake game. You control a snake character who&#039;s objective is either to eat as much food as it can while avoiding their own everincreasing tail, while playing single player mode, or avoiding other player&#039;s tails in a mult
dook	Dook is an embedded scripting language for Java platform. It is small, easy to use and learn.
dool	dool is the D Object Oriented Library that complements the standard D runtime library where the OO paradigma is not supported. dool also aims to be an open library where the D community can easely add new entries.
doolin-guif	Set of Java API simplifying writing of complex Swing applications dealing with server side
doolp	Integrated Object Oriented Broker and Hyper-relational Database, including Aspect-Oriented Programming. Includes intelligent parsing tools to generate functions straps (as sun&#039;s rpcgen does, but easier ;-).
doom3bloopers	Doom 3 Bloopers Mod is a modification of the Doom 3 single player component that makes light of the spooky atmosphere and has a whole lot of fun with changes, bloopers, out-takes and more. Our map tool is hosted here, but support for D3B is here too.
doom3sdk	Doom3 SDK Modification Developers share their C++ enhancements to the 1.3 SDK
doombot	DoomBot is an IRC bot made in php
doombsp	BSP is the de facto standard node builder for the classic 3D shoot&#039;em&#039;up Doom.
doomed	Team Doomed is back! Doomed, our entry to the Allegro Team Competition (also known as teamhack) is going to be continued. We will develop our (admittedly a bit unfinished) entry to a complete game featuring hours of gameplay.
doomgl	A Project to use the Doom Source to redo the game engine and add new features like OpenGL...TCP/IP networking...Wider support for sound...The engine will basically be rewritten.
doomlegacy	This is one of the most popular Doom source ports. It is available for DOS, Win32, Linux, OS/2 and MacOS and we hope to make a BeOS as well as an sgi version soon. It enhances Doom with a lot of things like TCP/IP, OpenGL and much more.
doommod	Doom MetaMod (DMM) is a Doom3 modification that acts as a node between the engine and game mod, allowing plugins to be loaded which can change normally inaccessible game behavoir or add new functionality.
doomoo	An attempt to create a simple portal system targetted to all you Regular Doomoos who wanna have a simple and non-bulky thing to use as your homepage.
doomsday	Single player open source combat simulator using OpenGL and SDL.
doop	A threaded, distributed MOO server, written in Python.
door	DOOR (Digital Open Object Repository) is a free learning object repository implementing IMS metadata and content package specifications. It&#039;s usefull to all organizations producing, storing and reusing digital learning contents.
door108	door108 is a content management system written in php and using the popular \nopen source mySQL database system for content storage, based on e107 cms. \ndoor108 includes web 2.0 features like multi-task and multi-area systems to manage your site!
doorcode-mngr	Doorcode-Manager is a web application used to manage door code numbers on multi pin doors throughout an enterprise. It allows easy management of door codes based on the role of the user.
doorkeeper	Doorkeeper is a program for CD-ROM managment. Most important function is an ability to open and close CD drives from desktop with one mouse click.
doors	Doors is groupware for electronic musicians. It aims to be an extensible, multi-user, musical performance framework which unifies heterogeneous, distributed multimedia hardware.  The framework is based on CORBA, XML, NTP and URL technologies.
doorsoft	Generador de portales con soporte php y msyql con multi-area y multilenguaje.
doorware	A BBS door ware area for creating open standards for BBS use. Not only for doors but anything useful for BBS development (such as file transfers over telnet).
doov	Dynamic Object Oriented Views -- absolute lightestweight PHP templating framework around. Inspired by PHPSavant but lower-footprint and contains built-in hooks to populate the headers of your XHTML documents.
doow	doow is an knowledgedatabase programmed in PHP (using MySQL). features: - discussions (threading as you can see in forums) - permission-system - several discussion-categories - notification-email
doozer	Doozer and Doozer++ are packages for simplifying the compiling process.  Doozer is intended for use with applications of varying complexity, and Doozer++ is intended for large software systems.
dopal	DOPAL is a library to allow programs written in Python to easily communicate the Java BitTorrent client Azureus, via the XML/HTTP plugin (allowing communication over a network). AzJython is a plugin for the Java BitTorrent client Azureus which provides a
dopays	Dopays is the better software solution to start your own PayPal, StormPay, SolarPay or e-gold type of online business. The Dopays software is a system where members can buy virtual credits to spend at in the different members&#039; sites.
dopewars	dopewars is a drug dealing game based on &quot;Drug Wars&quot; by John E. Dell. Originally set in New York, your aim is to deal in drugs and make your fortune...
dopewarsbb	dopewarsbb is the blackberry version of the drug dealing game &quot;drug wars&quot; which I believe was written by john dell. This version owes a lot to the palm release of the game by matt lee.
dopewarsppc	Dopewars is a game simulating the life of a drug dealer in New York. Deal in drugs, amass a huge fortune and pay off the loanshark, while avoiding the police.
dopeworld	Dope World is based on Dope Wars giving an Online Play (Written Using Php/MySQL) experience where a user can work in a world as a drug dealer. The game offers customizable setup meaning that the admins have full control over every aspect of the game.
doppelkopf	Doppelkopf is a german card-game written in Delphi.
doqtor	The DoqTor is a modular music sequencer written in C++ using Qt for Linux, and it is currently in its early stages of development. It is an innovative Jeskola Buzz clone for linux, utilising linux audio plugins, as well as its own native Dr Plugins.
dor	This project aims to create a game that is based on the Doomsday concept.There exists several games under the generic name Doomsday.Our intention is to create a unique Doomsday game called DOR&#039;Day of Reckoning based on our own intentions and liking
dora	This project will build a research assistance system.
dorc	DOrc is a media daemon based on client/server architecture using UDP as the means of cummunication. DOrc is designed to be lightweight but is capable to use a non-interactive media player such as mpg123 to play music files and provide a user interface.
dorgem	Dorgem is a webcam capture program for Windows
dorio-plugin	Dorio&#039;s plugins are Skype extended plugins software for Mac OS X.\nThese plugins add useful feature to skype.\nSearch, Notify Mail, HTML Log, Automaticaly open URL, etc
doris	Doris is a Lua script driven OpenGL viewer with GUI widget extensions. Lua is a fast, powerful, portable scripting language. Lua bindings are provided to OpenGL, GLUT, GLUI (a GL widget library) and Luasocket (networking).
dorm106	3D Engine capable of the latest and greatest features; volumetric shadows, dynamic lighting, bumpmapping, sub-pixel mapping, and with the shared programming inteface based on object oriented design, it is ever expanding.
dorm4j	DORM4J (Dynamic Object-Relational Mapping for Java) is an O/R Mapping library for java. It uses annotation in jdk1.5 and dynamic feature of java language to implement O/R mapping function without additional XML config files.
dormilon	Dormilón 1.0 es un programa para automatizar el apagado del sistema. Este sencillo programa tiene una interfaz simple y fácil de manejar para el usuario.
dornthal	Dornthal will be a tile-based fantasy roleplay game engine in the style of Ultima 4/5 with story editor.
dorothea	Dorothea builds web sites from a collection of images and allows users to enter and adjust meta data displayed about the photos with a web interface.  Index pages of photos are generated automatically, human created index pages can also be managed.
dorothy	Web enabled Java tool for tracking fertility, analysing fertility charts, and consulting with remote NFP experts.
dorsl	DORSL stands for the Dorsl Open Requestable Scripting Language. The aim is to provide a web-based fully functional language that can be easily used by web-based RIAs(Rich Internet Applications). My site is http://scriptex.tan-com.com, please go there if
dory	Dory Navigator is a folder and files navigator written in php. It is aimed to be fast, standard compliant, and able to load broad tree structures, and overall to be easy to use.
dos-c	DOS-C Kernel is an MS-DOS compatible kernel and the original FreeDOS kernel.
dos-froth	&#039;dos froth&#039; is a Forth language implementation for the DOS environment.
dos-is	Provides a DOS-based installation for DOS software.
dos32a	DOS/32 Advanced DOS Extender is a drop-in replacement for the DOS/4GW DOS Extender and compatibles. Being fast, small and flexible DOS/32A can be used in many environments, from embedded systems to DOS emulators, by both developers and end users alike.
dos64	DOS64 is 64-bit Disk Operating System under development for the AMD64 platform.
dosa	This will be the repository of all of my no-longer-developed Perl scripts. Everything here is GPL, and considered completely unsupported and virtually dead. The whole point of this is to make these softwares open and available to anyone who wants to mess
dosattack	This component is an open source component to be used in Login process to prevent Denail of Service attack to sites. It helps automatically login to sites.by means of image obscuration and other tools.
dosbackup	DOSBackup is an application to make backup very easy by msdos.
dosblaster	Windows Explorer shell extension for dosbox. You can launch dosbox by right click on dos executable files in your Windows Explorer.
dosbox	DOSBox emulates a full x86 pc with sound and dos. Its main use is to run old dosgames on platforms which don&#039;t have dos(win2K/XP/linux/FreeBSD/Mac OS X)
dosboxxna	DOSBox-XNA is a port of the DOSBox emulator for Microsoft&#039;s XNA platform for Win32 and XBox 360
doscheckers	A basic, yet fun checkers game.
dosched	Online multiuser time schedule using CGI perl scripts and MySQL. It manages / links the following information via web forms: WHO ist responsible for which TASK and what STOCK is needed.  It may be used by small organisations for planning their activities
dosconf	DOSConf is an installer to install, update, repair, remove and create installation and patch package. It will be developed for DOS / Win32 platforms and in the future for another operating systems, like Linux.
dose	DOSE: a distributed platform for semantic elaboration that provides semantic services such as automatic annotation of web resources at the document substructure level, semantic search facilities, semantic annotation storage and retrieval.
doselab	DoseLab is a set of software programs for quantitative comparison of measured and computed radiation dose distributions.  It is written in the Matlab programming language and is easily extensible to more general applications in radiation physics.
dosemu-daemon05	The Dosemu Daemon captures output from Dos applications running within Dosemu.  This output is captured to files, then is processed in a manner that enhances the initial DOS application.
dosemu-intl	This is a project aimed at improve the keyboard and terminal manipulation of dosemu,  creating a better support to remote applications and correcting non-us keymaps and codepages.
dosepa	The php code that helps you to administrate downloads section of your site. You can upload, delete and move files and if you are not admin you have only good interface to download some files. We have template and multilangual code (a-la phpBB).
dosfortune	DOS port of the UNIX fortune(6) program so MS users can enjoy cookies too :-)
dosgate	A system to make DOS-based screen readers running in DOSEMU to be used to access the Linux virtual consoles
doshing	A document publishing framework. Documents are classified in categories and subcategories. User can access the categories to which they subscribed.
dosite	doSite is a simple framework to build enterprise websites for small to medium sized companies. These websites have static content (text and images) and follow similar patterns in organizing and displaying the content.
doskix	DOS versions of common Unix commands coded in portable ANSI standard C for consumption by users of any system equipped with an industry standard &#039;C&#039; compiler.
doslib	This library provides compatability betweenBorland 3.0 and the Mac OS X Developer Tools.
dosloader	Simple 32-bit Windows - console loader
dosmath	DOSMath, a program created in C++ that, when finished, will entail a large amount of math functions combined with the ease of use of a well designed and streamlined DOS program.
dosmrep	A repository for Didactic Operation Simulation Model (DOSM)
dosprofi	DOSConf is an installer to install, update, repair, remove and create installation and patch package. It will be developed for DOS / Win32 platforms.
dosrecorder	Cross-platform screen recorder and player for console (text-based) applications.
doss	System for creating, executing and evaluation of webbased surveys.
dossier	Enterprise Content Management System
dostep	A simple Java university-level Physics simulation framework for educational purpuoses.
dostgi	Web based GIS service and development tool .
dosthis	A tool to detect Denial of Service attacks. Uses modules to poll different sources for different kinds of information, such as simultanious connections by a client, totalt connections by a client, half-open tcp-connections from a client etc.
dostopia	DOStopia is a piece of software that let&#039;s users submit their opinions on whatever old game that&#039;s out there, and makes it also easy for other resources to use the DOStopia knowledgebase. The ideal goal is an encyclopedia of user reviews for ol
dostuff	Yet another content management system for Linux based systems using Apache, PHP, MySQL and shell based Perl. Utilizes an advanced administration panel to handle articles, polls, downloads and other neat things.
dostxt	dostxt is a utility written in pure Python whose purpose is conversion of text files from DOS to UNIX format and vice versa. Supported platforms are Linux and Windows.
dosview	DOS-View is able to open various graphic-formats in MS-DOS. It is also able to open plain-text files.
dosvstop	dosvstop: dos-TSR program to prevent dos-virus being loaded into memory, could be used with free-dos,
doszip	DOSZIP is a Norton Commander clone written in Borland C/C++ 3.1. It was compiled in order to supplement the old Commanders limitation on long filename support.
dot-bmp	This project was designed to cycle desktop wallpaper on the Windows 95 desktop. When last tested it worked with all versions of Windows from 95. Originally written in Delphi 1 and not yet updated to work with later versions.
dot-edu	A powerful web application development platform for AOLServer, including content caching, distributed authentication, authorization, and XML-RPC services
dot-net-report	EmPy.Report is a C# .NET assembly to generate Report based on Xml ReportStructure and DataSet driven. At the moment it&#039;s only a working alpha version, help me to build a final version. Recuitment is open!
dot2gdl	A converter from GraphViz Dot files into aiSee (xvcg) GDL files.
dota-mtg	This is a fan-based Magic the Gathering set that tries to implement the gameplay and characters of popular Warcraft map DotA All-Stars.
dotaleagueload	An HTML parser based utility to automate login and joining games on  www.dota-league.com
dotamatic	Inspired by The Rasterbator, dotamatic lets you print posters from images where each pixel is made up in a variety of ways.
dotarena	Este jogo é conhecido como &quot;Pontos&quot;. O objetivo do jogo é formar mais quadrados completos do que o adversário. Com o auto-preenchimento, aquela parte entediante de preecher com linhas a matriz até o jogo começar a ficar empolgante é reduzida.
dotatools	Dota Tools is a project based in 2 vital steps. First one is to develop a Common API for Warcraft 3 game. Second step intends to develop an unique suite with an unique profile for EACH Dota All-Stars Hero, depending on his skills and stats.
dotbase	its a password manager in php-mysql that can save passwords and password descriptions in a mysql database. it support accounts and login to manage data.
dotbible	dotBible is a simple cross-platform multi-language Bible Reader and Bible Study program capable of displaying XML-based Bible Modules and related materials for devotion and study. dotBible will initially be available in English and German.
dotbit	doTBit.Net is the same webprogramming portal system that&#039;s used at doTBit.Net. We try to make a good reliable system for those programmers who want to share their work on the internet but don&#039;t have time to make webpages that can publish their 
dotbiz	Specification (UML) and document library defining a general and generic data-, object- and workflowset for building open (compatible) business applications (solutions) like CRM, ERP etc.
dotblog	Open sources blog system.
dotbox	DotBox is content management fraework with web-based administrative interface.
dotcausehadori	This is a .NET web project to support a non-profit organization.  The application is being built by DotCause, software developers using .NET to create tools that enable non-profit organizations.  An academic mentoring organization is the recipient.
dotchat	DotChat is a client/server chat application which allows any number of users on a network to conduct multiple conversations with other network members.
dotclipse	An eclipse plugin which takes advantage of the GEF (Graphical Editing Framework) to allow users to visually edit AT&amp;T DOT graphs.
dotcms	dotCMS is an enterprise-level open source J2EE/Java CMS built on a JSR 168 compliant portal.  It includes features like separation of content and design , WYSIWYG editing, calendar of events, events management, e-communications tools and more.
dotcommerce	Shopping cart / E-Commerce system based on ASP.Net and C#.
dotcommon	DotCommon is a system for sharing a common set of dotfiles (.bashrc, .emacs, etc.) across multiple machines with different platforms (e.g. cygwin, Linux) and hardware configurations (e.g. 768x1024 and 600x800 screen sizes).
dotconfpp	dotconf++ is a dotconf like configuration file parser written in C++. It supports macro substitution from the environment or from the file itself, config file inclusion, easy handling of XML like tags, checking for required tags, and more.
dotcontext	A generic context library for .NET
dotcounter	rifle training and competition manager
dotcurve	DotCurve is an fast and clean theme style for KDE.
dotcvs	This project aims to implement a CVS server on .NET, taking advantage of the platform, and providing extensive support for server-side plugins to make advanced features such as workflow, automated builds and tests, etc., easy to implement with .NET.
dotdeploy	.Deploy is the desire to create a robust content distribution engine capable of servicing individual needs as well as large corporate enterprises providing change control and auditing of content.
dotdns	DotDNS is a Dynamic DNS client and server software that can work with your own domains. It will work on standard W2K/W2003 servers. *UPDATE* MSSQL Express is designated as backend for storage.
dotdraft	dotdraft is a web tool that will assist baseball leagues with the drafting process. The major focus will be on Strat-O-Matic leagues though any baseball league would work.
doteasy	?dotEASY? is a Visual Studio .Net Add-in that evaluates C# source code and performs ?advices? in order to improve software quality. The configuration and programming of the ?advices? is invisible to the developer, the tool?s final user, who only requests
dotforum	dotForum is a fully featured forum written in ASP.NET and C#. It is still ina planning stage.
dotg	A roleplaying game - (Dungeon Master-clone) coded using MinGW and the library Allegro with scripting functionality from the library LUA.
dotgallery	dotGallery is web based photo gallery.
dotget	.GET, pronounced dotGET, combines the best features of IRC (@find/@locate, fserves, xdcc bots, dcc transfers, etc) with the ease of use of Napster clones (Kazaa, Morpheus, etc) without the hassle of using another application.  It can be thought of as a N
dotgl	An optimized OpenGL realtime graph display for .dot-files (file format of the graphviz AT&amp;T package), making it possible to view graphs with several thousand vertices or more with hardware acceleration.
dotgrid	DotGrid is a .NET component that should overcome the limits of the standard Windows Forms DataGrid distributed with the .NET framework.
dothelp	dothelp is a MySQL-PHP generic documentation editor and viewer for applications and OOP classes with multi-language support. Help files can be viewed dynamically or exported to static content in a number of styles.
dothmi	A web services based HMI (Human Machine Interface) project built to run on either a Windows (.NET) based platform or a Linux (Mono) platform. An ASP.NET based thin client and a GTK# based thick client will be developed to provide a graphical user interfa
dotii	Dotii.com is a very large multi tool web project, the open-source version of a Hotmail like web service, but with focus on business and exchange functionalities. The DOTII project includes a mailserver, webmail, webcalendar, fileserver and much more.
dotim	Open Source Multi-Platform Multi-Protocol Instant Messaging Client written using the ECMA Common Langange Runtime (.NET, Mono, dotGNU, etc..)
dotk-project	Web-Based Role Playing Engine (for Web Game RPG). Uses Javascript (DOM encapsuled) with HTML to provide motion. Uses PHP and FireBird invoked by Ajax to control the other players in your screen. Live demo server: http://dotk.servegame.com:8090
dotkml	DotKml is a .Net class library which provides interaction with Google Earth, providing serialization and deserialization of Kml files. This is the very first source code which I release publicly, so please be indulgent !
dotknight	dotKnight is a chess engine developed for .NET
dotl	DOTL is a bare bones MUD code base designed for developers seeking to create a MUD based on AD&amp;D 2nd Edition rules.  Written entirely in C.
dotlisp	An interactive, Lisp-like language for .Net scripting and development, having deep .Net integration, sharing type system, GC and other runtime services etc., with transparent access to .Net w/o a FFI or wrappers.
dotloq	Now with password encryption and 7zip compression! dotLoq is a minimalist encryption utility, using the BlowFish v1.0 encryption libraries. As a new feature, dotLoq now offers a 7zip compression on your files, to make encryption take up less space!
dotlrninstaller	This project aims to develop a Java-based automated installer and updater for .LRN for the Microsoft Windows (TM) 2000/XP platform and Linux platform to facilitate the greater adoption of .LRN platform worldwide.
dotlua	dotLua is class library written in C# 2.0 to allow .NET applications to run LUA scripts and interact with them. See http://dotlua.berlios.de for further informations.
dotlucene	dotLucene/Lucene.Net is the .NET implementation of the Lucene full-text search engine library. Lucene.Net is now under ASF. It&#039;s new home is located here: http://incubator.apache.org/projects/lucene.net.html.
dotmail	DotMail is a simple, yet extensible, .NET component providing an easy to use API to communicate with incoming mail servers such as POP3 or IMAP. It can be used to read mails and their attachments. DotMail is written entirely in C#.
dotmailler	Build on C# .NET Language .Mailler is application for send Newsletter (please don&#039;t use for send Spam, Scan, etc). This project use Application Blocks and n-tier. .
dotmat	A library for the integration of MATLAB inside .NET projects. It provides the fastes access to MATLAB functions for computation and image processing
dotmath	The dotMath library is a two-pass expression compiler written entirely in C# for the Microsoft .NET platform.  The library requires only the core .NET library (supporting all shipping versions 1.0 and 1.1).  The library is capable of running on any syste
dotmatrix4beos	BeOS versions of many useful utilities. UnRAR, UnARJ, Cabextract, CHMTools etc. Original sources from various authors under various licenses. The source code is available during installing of those BeOS packages.
dotme	Dotme is a domain tracker. It&#039;s written in C and has a web interface in PHP and a MySQL DB backend. Its purpose is to make domain management easier. With dotme you can easily add, modify and delete domains you handle.
dotmetro	This project is a library written in C# which provides a rich set of classes for working with IP version 4, TCP, UDP and ICMP with ease of use. Useful for writing packet sniffers, network anaysis tools or utilities such as trace route or ping for example
dotmods	dotproject mods is a repository for user community modules, addons, and enhancements for dotproject core project.  The mods are supported by the author (not the dotproject team) but, if good, may be included in the dotproject core in future releases.
dotnet-commons	Dotnet Commons Project is an open source project which focus on all aspects of reusable .Net components. This project also aims to provide some of the commonly used utilities not available in the .Net Framework Base Class Library (BCL).
dotnet-xmlgui	This gui engine creates a .net gui defined by xml files. The definitions can be used like a script and so it&#039;s possible to change the gui live while your application is still running.
dotnet3d	DotNet3D is an open API and foundation library for implementation by .NET-based 3D engines that allows usage with the Visual3D.NET (www.visual3d.net) platform and Visual3D Architect runtime development environment.
dotnet4d	a complete clone of the .net framework for the d programming language,just like the jdk4d project.
dotnetai	DotNetAI is a framework that allows you to rapidly create AI applications such as search engines, chat bots, and Intelligent Agents in little time, while snaping Nata1 Providers or other providers from the contributers to DotNetAI. Nata1 (a search agent 
dotnetappserver	DotNet Application Server
dotnetarx	DOTNETARX helps the .net programmers write the ObjectARX  programs more easily!!
dotnetasmviewer	.Net Assembly Viewer/Disassembler/decompiler is a .net assembly viewer, disassembler and decompiler written in C#.
dotnetbee	Welcome to DOTNETBEE CMS, an open-source content management framework built on .NET Framework using C#. DOTNETBEE allows any user to develop from simple to complex web sites in minutes.
dotnetbeing	Dotnet-Being
dotnetboard	DotNetBoard is a DiscussionBoard software in C# and ASP.Net (.Net Platform 2.0)
dotnetbuild	WebSite project for .net developper
dotnetcal	This is a calendar (which looks like the Microsoft Office Outlook 2003) where You can add, remove, modify appointments, select  the view ( day, week, month) and then save the appointments into a Microsoft Access Database.
dotnetcommlib	Smilla .NET Communication Library is written in C# and intended to provide .NET developers with implementation of the main Internet application protocols. For now, NNTP protocol is implemented, and there are also plans for POP3 and may be some others.
dotnetcommunity	A community portal application written in C# and Microsoft.NET
dotnetcontent	Enterprise class secure Content Management System in .NET 2.0. Web-based designing, publishing and management of dynamic content. Strong hierarchical security model. Dynamic webcontrol hosting. Plugins, custom, modules, master page and skinning.
dotnetcontracts	.NET Contracts
dotnetcrm	DotNetCRM is a free, high-performance, enterprise-class CRM developed using Microsoft .NET. DotNetCRM is totally extensible, supports a variety of database platforms and security models, and exposes all major functionality via securable SOAP web services
dotnetctrlext	SMTPOP is a class Library in C# to handle SMTP and POP3 protocols. With SMTPOP class library you can read and send e-mail from your .Net software.&lt;BR&gt; DotnetControlext is a.Net Visual studio component to extend .Net Menu features (menu with icons, 
dotnetcyberkit	.NetCyberKit aims to create a programmers internet toolkit for the Microsoft.Net framework. The library will include functionalilty for advanced DNS, finger and whois lookups. This library will be primarily written in VB.NET
dotnetdallib	DotNetDALLib is a Data Access Layer library for .NET applications. Either by hand, or using templates for CodeSmith, users can create attributed objects which they can simply serialize to/from the database with minimal work.
dotnetdata	Universal data wrapper for Microsoft .NET applications. Use one adapter to access all your datasources.
dotnetdb	the dotNetDB library is very similar to the DbUnit library created for Java Developers. The main idea is to maintain database state between test runs, so that results may be consistently reproduced in a test environment.
dotnetdiffmerge	The project aims to implement a diff/merge library in NET.  The project will provide a series of base classes that implement LCS and Top level classes to provide functionality.  These will be treated as seperate libraries and distibuted as such.
dotnetedu	Managing educational institution (online/offline, web/windows) for all tasks related to all roles(teachers, students,admin) -Online courses, tests, grade, registration, Mangaging libraries, search, collaboration. Easy integration with other solutions.
dotnetek	It is Instant Messaging Client for jabber servers, written in C# (.NET) . Our goal is to build scallable, portable (for MS .NET &amp; Mono platform) and extensible (plugins) IM Client.
dotnetffl	A Fantasy Football (aka soccer) game developed using ASP.NET allowing players to enjoy the game of fantasy football free of charge. Players will be able to create their own private leagues to compete against friends and colleagues.
dotnetfireball	Fireball Framework is project that aim to create the best controls and libraries for developer, the project already contains some control, CodeEditorControl with Syntax Highlight, Collections,Outlook Navigation bar and etc..
dotnetframework	Visual Basic.NET framework, includes data access layer, persistence, globalization, exception management, auto update, reporting and more.
dotnetftpclient	.NET FTP Client library written in C#
dotnethook	Allows insertion of arbitrary code at the beginning of each function called in a .NET assembly (whether executable or assembly). Also provides code that reads through metadata and dumps information on it.
dotnetindex	Active News Manager is aprofessional web based content management system for windows servers. Software supports RSS, Multi-Editor, Content Schedule and WYSIWYG Editor.
dotnetinstaller	Setup bootstrapper for Windows. You can use dotNetInstaller to create a setup bootstrapper to install the correct prerequisites software components for your application setup.
dotnetip	DotNetIP Database is a free application used for tracking v.4 IP subnets and IP addresses. It is written in VB.NET, ASP.NET and SQL. This IP Tracker is completely web based. It is a great IP Database Tracking solution. It requires IIS and either SQL-SERV
dotnetlayout	This is an attempt to port the java-awt layout manager idea to the .NET framework.
dotnetlib	A collection of classes, controls, add-ins, or anything else that will assist a .NET developer.
dotnetmail	Email client completely written in C# using .Net and XML database
dotnetmaker	This project is an IDE for .net technology. Its target is the .net developpers on UNIX. It&#039;s working with mono and made in C# and GTK#.
dotnetmapping	A Microsoft .Net based library and forms control in c# for reading, rendering and calculating geographic maps. Has a simple GIS (Graphical Information System) component, supports loading and rendering ESRI Shape files and raster images. Well optimised.
dotnetmetrics	.NET Code Metrics - Aims to produce a number of metrics describing the code in your project (such as number of lines of code, number of comments etc.).
dotnetmock	The .NET Mock Objects project is a .NET framework whose goal is to facilitate developing unit tests in the mock object style.
dotnetmsgboard	Dot Net libray for controlling Adaptive message boards of TCPIP
dotnetmsn	With dotnetMSN you can experience the easiness of connecting to one of the largest and busiest Instant Messaging networks, MSN Messenger. This is a library written in VB.NET and is far easier than any library you could have imagined to work with.
dotnetmyadmin	DotNet My Admin is a tool written in c# (.net) allow you to config your asp.net web application, to trace the application events, to browse class values and to execute fastly .net code.
dotnetmysqldrvr	This project provides interop access from .NET applications to both the remote and embedded MySQL libraries.  This means that within the same program a .NET developer can simultaneously use both the embedded MySQL database and the standard remote MySQL d
dotnetnntp	A simple yet flexible server implementation of the NNTP protocol for the CLR, ready to be run on its own or serving out content of your choosing in threaded news format.
dotnetns	dotNetNS (a.k.a &quot;Nothing Specific?) is a Work Flow Engine Designed using the .NET framework. it provides a stable framework for developing applications on dotnet that use workflows along with a web based ui that help you deploy new work flows in you
dotnetnuke-pcw	Portal Creation Wizard simplifies the portal creation in the DotNetNuke CMS. With this wizard, users will be able to create their own portals without help from the administrator thus expanding the usability of DotNetNuke.
dotnetnukec	C# Port of the fabulous DotNetNuke portal which is based on the IBuySpy reference portal from Microsoft.
dotnetobfuscate	DotNetObfuscator is software to protect your .NET code and intellectual properties.
dotnetpcf	.net compound file implementation
dotnetpgp	Managed PGP. A PGP clone for .Net environment which is developed by Visual C# Language. Totally the same usage with original PGP. All Encrypting, Decrypting, Signing and Hashing methods are being developed by using .Net Class Library.
dotnetpolls	dotNETPolls (or &quot;.NET Polls&quot;) is a project concerning the development of a set Web Controls, a set of business logic components and a set of presentation templates to serve &quot;polls&quot; or &quot;voting booth&quot; via XML/SOAP enabled inte
dotnetportal	A .NET based Web Portal for personal use. The purpose is to build a Homepage easily. Pages are build through Tabs and Modules. Like the IBuySpyPortal, but free.
dotnetproject	ProjectPortal is a multi-lingual, multi-user web-based groupware suite for programme &amp; projectmanagement written in Visual C# ASP.NET using MS Access, MS SQL/MSDE, Oracle or MySQL for datastorage.
dotnetproteus	DotNet Proteus is a toolkit for message-based Enterprise Application Integration. It includes adapters that allow many types of message sources and sinks to be addressed in a simple, uniform fashion. It also includes a simple but very capable message bro
dotnetproxy	dotNet Proxy is a web based proxy system that allows anonymous browsing of web pages. dotNet Proxy is good for accessing internet sites from work or school and hide your true activity. dotNet Proxy supports both HTTP and HTTPS (SSL) connections
dotnetrfidlib	This project aims at developing a .NET library (.DLL) for simplifying RFID software development, especially on mobile handhelds. The library will amongst other things contain methods for encoding / decoding EPC-Codes for storing on read/write chips.
dotnetris	DotNETris is a Tetris like puzzle game for Windows (Media Center Edition, or XP Home/Professional) and Pocket PC. Created in C# using the .NET framework.
dotnetscorm	The purpose of the DotNetSCORM project is to create an Open Source Learning Management System using .Net technologies. The goal of this project is to create a SCORM Compliant LMS using the .NET framework.
dotnetscriptftp	A scriptable FTP client written in C# intended to be used for eCommerce data transfers.
dotnetscrutil	Utilities for embedding scripting in .NET applications.
dotnetsqliteadm	DotNetSQLiteAdmin is a tool written in ASP.NET intended to handle the administration of SQLite databases over the Web. Currently it can create/drop databases and tables, vacuum databases/tables, execute SQL statement, a automated data entry form.
dotnetsurvey	Survey.aspx is a free web based survey and form engine software toolkit for asp.net/sqlserver hosts.
dotnettelnet	.NET Telnet is a telnet library written for the MS .NET Framework. It is inspired by the Java Telnet Application.
dotnettv	.net framework interface and library for Microsoft TV Technologies (vidctrl)
dotnetuc	DotNetUC is a collection of additional controls and components for Visual Studio 2005 and .NET Framework 2.0.
dotnetuni	A university portal / CMS based on the DotNetNuke framework.
dotnetunit	An implementation of Kent Beck&#039;s famous XUnit testing framework designed specifically for unit testing components written for the .NET platform.
dotnetutils	DotNetUtils is a library of useful .Net utilities designed to make programming in .Net easy and less tedious.
dotnetvnc	.NET VNC Viewer is a VNC viewer written entirely in C#. It is binary compatible with Smartphones, Pocket PCs and Windows desktops (.NET CF or .NET Framework). I write this because other VNC viewers on Pocket PC do not do full screen and screen rotation.
dotnetwebupdate	A Visual Basic .NET Application to maintain a Web Commercial Directory updated.
dotnetwikibot	This framework helps with wiki site management. It is based on Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0, written in C#. It allows to build robots to search, edit and dump information from MediaWiki internal database through common human or XML web interfaces.
dotnetx	dotnetx
dotnetzope	A Dot net of Zope CMS.
dotnut	Dotnut is an Online Content Editing System. It targets small sites which can not afford a CMS or where a full CMS does not make sense. This could be small companies or private websites with simple unregular updates to the content.
dotnutch	Nutch.net is web search engine for .net,Nutch.Net is a port of Jakarta Nutch to .NET (C#) .
dotomega	dotOmega is a forum system that hopes to be the successor to most other open source forum systems such as MyBB, phpBB, and others. With your support we will be creating a forum system that will be remembered!
dotorg	dotORG is a modular framework that allows organizations to manage their members and tasks. It features a directory, calendar, bulletin board, and other modules helpful in managing an organization. Modules can be created using XML and JSP.
dotorgnuke	This is the equivalent of DotNetNuke for servers that use PHP. It will use either MySQL or PostgreSQL as the database backend. The earliest releases (probably up until version 1.0) will use only MySQL for the database.
dotoscar	A .NET class library to make use of AOL&#039;s OSCAR server/protocol. This library is written in C# and thus can be used in all .NET languages.
dotp2p	dotP2P would consist of servers running caches to keep track of domain and nameserver records. Cache servers can be created with any server that supports XML-RPC or SOAP. MySQL is used to store the the cache data.
dotpanel	The .Net CP Project has the goal to create a totally free web hosting control panel that works with .NET technology on windows 2000/2003 servers. The panel will control aspects as: webspace, bandwith, dns, mail, news, and more.
dotplot	DotPlot is an Eclipse plug-in to graphically compare word sequences of any type of text. Matches will be plotted as dots on a graph. Similarities in thousands of lines of text or code will result in typical textures and diagonals in the plot.
dotproj	A real-time strategy game, with multiplayer support, that pits you between diplomacy and war. It is a combination of simcity and civilization, but in a much more exciting fashion.
dotproject	PHP web-based project management framework that includes modules for companies, projects, tasks (with Gantt charts), forums, files, calendar, contacts, tickets/helpdesk, multi-language support, user/module permissions and themes
dotproject-cvs	A &quot;plugin&quot; to CVS which will update the dotProject management suite. It is written in Perl, and will process the cvs commit log, checking for required/optional dotProject parameters for a task, and then update the mysql database which dotProjec
dotprojectiamde	iamdentity is a unique authentication service allowing administrators and users to transact safely and securely online. dotProject has been modified to include the iamdentity authentication service as an alternative authentication method.
dotpublish	dotPublish is a semantically correct electronic content management system. It provides vaild code, a powerful XML based development structure and many more features.
dotqbasic	This is a Windows QBasic emulator for Windows. It is suposed to run and build qbasic code. It can build/execute old qbasic code (currently in constructions) Version 0.1 has been released: New commands and lots of bugs removed.
dotqcf	A framework for Quantum Computation using .NET techonologies
dotqmailutils	This is a collection of Perl scripts that can be used within dot-qmail(5) configurations. This collection extends the set of utilities which are part of the qmail package by Dan J. Bernstein and follows the conventions of qmail-command(8).
dotraid	DotRaid is a ASP.NET/C# based open source DKP system for online games. It provides dkp, forum, in-site messaging services, etc. It supports SQL Server family, MySQL, and will have a powerful database provider that supports all Database Manage Systems.
dotrandom	This is a framework in C# to generate random numbers. It use public resources at internet and pseudorandom algorithms.
dotray	This is a simple .NET based raytracer, built to test mono/.net speed in raw calculations. It can produce some nice pictures too.
dotren	The project intends to provide a simple yet extensible, enterprise-grade, low-cost human resource management system. The initial features include: employee info management, project management and time sheet, expense submission.\n\ndotRen means: .People
dotretro	Game system emulators that run on the .NET/XNA frameworks. Allows games to run in the .NET/XNA framework that were originally developed for another platform. Currently has Space Invaders and limited NES (Nintendo Entertainment System) support
dotsesame	The dotSesame project is a C# port of the Sesame project, which is originally written in Java. It is an open source RDF database with support for RDF Schema inferencing and querying. Full documentation of Sesame can be found at http://www.openrdf.org/
dotsgames	Set of games, based on the same codebase - allowing players to play through LAN/Internet. First game - two players, each one uses his own dots colors. Aim of that game is to connect dots, by placing them on cells, the first who succeeds to make 5 dots on
dotslash	DotSlash - An Automated Web Hotspot Rescue System
dotspersite	A modular webapplication framework using PHP5 based on the MVC concept.
dotspot	dotSpot is a personal photo/video manager. dotSpot provides a downloader to get photo/video from your camera and organize them on disk by shooting date, a desktop photo/video gallery and a web photo gallery
dotsworld	DotsWorld is a meant to be a simple reinforcement testbed for  competative rl strategies.
dotsynce	SynCE.NET is a .NET wrapper for SynCE. It is the unmanaged .NET implementation of Remote Application Programming Interface (RAPI) and using the native librapi2 functions.
dott	Dawn of the Titans is a project to provide basic softcode/hardcode snippets, advice, and documentation for BattleTechMUX players and staffers alike. This is of particular interest to BTMux coders and admins.
dottesttoolkit	A library of classes designed to be used in conjunction with a unit testing framework such as NUnit. The library facilitates automated tests, mock objects and white box testing (GUI testing etc).
dottoc	A .NET class library to make use of AOL&#039;s TOC protocol. This library is written in C# and can be used with any .NET language.
dottraq	.TRAQ would be a collaborative tool to assist development teams durig the lifecycle of a project. It will contain an issue tracking system, a document management system and some tool to collect project requirements, organize them and transate it into fun
dotty	Dotty is a modification for phpBB that provides statistics on your forum - regestrations, moderator activity, topics, posts, and a lot more.
dottyper	DottyPerspective is an Eclipse plug-in that generates and displays class diagrams using the DOT technology.
dotunit	dotUnit is a port of JUnit (www.junit.org) to the Microsoft .net platform. This testing framework allows for automated unit and functional tests which are vital for refactoring and regression testing.
dotuseful	A Java class library - functional and easy-to-use classes for UI and more. You can learn a better way to work with UI trees while learning dotuseful. Open Source under the Apache License - use it with your commercial or non-commercial applications.
dotw	Project mgmt tools for www.dotw.org Java code. Dotw is a non-profit web site for hosting Christian-based ministries, both personal and public. Think of Sourceforge for Christians.
dotweb	dotWeb is a open source plataform that integrates the best metodologies, classes, libraries and open source projects written in PHP language and allow web developers to build flexible web applications using the dotWeb Reference Model.
dotwiki	A simple and extensible wiki engine. It can use flat files or databases to store data and other sources can be plugged in. Some other features: file attachments, syntax highlighting for code snippets, emoticons.
dotxsi4max	This Plug-in for discreet 3dsmax adds the ability to export the SOFTIMAGE/Avid dotXSI file format. For import capability, visit www.softimage.com/connect.
dotxsictk	This tool kit simplifies the task of implementing conversion from the SOFTIMAGE dotXSI file format to other 3D file formats.
dotxsiloader	dotXsiLoader is a java3d Loader interface implementation to allow loading scene data like Light and Model information into a scenegraph. dotXSI is an ASCII format file format defined by Softimage Co. to store SOFTIMAGE|3D and SOFTIMAGE|XSI scene data.
dotxtend	Open source plugIn/Extensibility framework written in C# that helps developers to create pluggable, easy to maintanence applications
double-elim	Double elimination touniment tracking application, handy for running mini-sumo robot events and other double elimination events.
double-helix	Included in this project are several applications (mostly perl scripts) intended to aid network engineers and administrators in the generation, quality assurance, and configuration management of network device configurations, (initially only Cisco).
double-trouble	Open &quot;Double Trouble&quot; game for PalmOS platform with cool graphics!
doublearraytrie	A C++ library implementing an efficient trie data structure called Double-Array.
doubleback	Doubleback is a simple and effective tool for making duplicate backups of an unlimited number of files and folders.  Features include incremental or full backups, UI or command-line, folders and subfolders with optional exclusions and CRC verification.
doublecmd	Double Commander is a cross platform  open source file manager with two panels side by side. It is inspired by Total Commander and features some new ideas.
doublecommand	DoubleCommand is a Mac OS X kernel extension that allows you to map keys on your keyboard to the way you want them.
doublecpp	A preprocessor for C++ that handles a new linguistic construct for defining branches of a multi-method (dynamic overloading).
doubledrive	Offline File-system Explorer for Stream.Drive Datacenter
doubleqwerty	DouleQWERTY, based on DoubleCommand, brings HalfQWERTY to Mac OS X. Enjoy one-handed typing capabilities, as well as getting all the power of xmodmap, on Mac OS X.
doublesvsoop	New programming style (Paradigm) take in mind the most complex features of software Program/System today (Complex Data Structure,Event Driven System,Client-Server,...etc). Can be used for developing new PL 100% (Without Code/Instructions)
doubletype	DoubleType is a type designer (font editor) that builds TrueType font files. Thanks to Java, it runs on Windows, Linux, &amp; Mac. Glyphs are stored in XML based file to aid teamwork. Efficient glyph design by combining existing glyphs and modules.
doublog	A new blog system
dougal	Dougal is a Free (LGPL) mail-washing program for the POP3 protocol, written in Perl.  It supports any operating system that supports Perl 5.x and TCP/IP (Perl IO::Socket module).
dougdocx	DougDocX is a system which allows users to generate documents from web forms based on OpenOffice templates. The users create the templates, upload them, describe the fields they contain, validates, and adds them to DougDocX.
dougnewsnntp	An NNTP client class for .net.  It is written entirely in C#.  The project is nearly completed.  All that&#039;s missing of course is documentation.
doujia	this is a project act as a &quot;my web favorate&quot;,as well a trackback ping information center
doulos	Doulos is a set of tools for rapidly developing n-tier distributed applications, with a framework for writing business methods, a protocol for accessing those methods, and frameworks for creating web and native user interfaces that utilize the methods.
doumo	Doumo is a Windows application that allows users to view, listen and share TV, Video, Pictures and Audio through a single interface. It contains PVR functions like recording TV, EPG and pause live TV. It is optimized for use with a remote and TV.
dove	A mobile GPS (NMEA) compatible mapping software written in J2ME (MIDP2.0 CLDC1.0) using (JSR-82) and in the future maybe even (JSR-179)
dovemanager	DoveManager is a fairly simple to use medical management system for small medical practises. Primarily aimed at non profit groups who do not deal with insurance.
dover	Dover (Database objects over RMI) is a set of JavaBeans(tm) which allows to create three tier client/server applications based on RMI and Borland(tm) DataExpress(tm)
doverdrive	Destruction Overdrive is an online multi-player game allowing users to design combat ships, then to enter these ships into combat with a number of other players.
dovetail	Dovetail is a development toolkit for building database-backed websites in Java. It is specifically designed to address some serious problems which arise in trying to build a reliable, testable website with server-side Java and a relational database.
dowams	Provide feature in tracking the number of advertisement advertised, supports for ticketing to be used by publisher and advertiser to communicate with admin. Three main intended user, publisher advertiser admin
downcounter	DownCounter is an as-simple-as-useful tool to start a file or shutting down the computer after a time that could be set by the user before.
downldtrailers	Download trailers (quicktime movies[.mov files]) from http://www.apple.com/trailers/, http://www.imdb.com sites and from many others.
downlink	Downlink will be a multiplayer game featuring 4 player classes (business, media, security, sysop) and in-game internet elements (chat rooms, instant messaging, WWW, newsgroups, ...) that allow for RPG like gaming (the &#039;internet&#039; being how you m
download-portal	PHP Download Portal will be a database-driven download portal with many special features.
downloadboss	DownloadBoss is easy to use download manager!
downloadmanager	A client/server based system to manage downloads of many clients which share one internet-connection. Supports ftp,http,resuming,a blocking mechanism,...
downloadmgr	tipFS (formerly funDM) is p2p (peer to peer) file sharing tool .Memory requirements are low. Download files anonymously and fast.Can be used for sharing and downloading files either in the LAN or on the internet. Runs on linux and uses only python
downloadorg	Download Organiser is a program written in C# to help you set the time you wish to download a file
downloadphp	This script is very simple, you can count the files\\&#039; downloads and can block downloads from an another website(This option can be disable). It make complete stats too with browsers\\&#039; name, last week download etc.... It\\&#039;s a good file/down
downloadplus	TrueDownloader  Open source download accelerator / manager written in Visual Basic 6 for Windows. Supports HTTP and FTP downloads. MultiSegmented download, ZIP file preview, low CPU usage.
downloadsforjoh	Joh Man&#039;s Corporation\nGratis software voor de thuisgebruiker met een ietwat eigenzinnig karakter.
downloady	Apache/PHP-based download manager. Wherever you are, add URLs via web interface and watch them download to your home server.
downman	Download Manager is a collection of programs to download files in a easy and powerful way, it also can serve other programs to do the dirt work.
downpour	Downpour is a Perl based set of modules for operating a BitTorrent client.  In a nutshell, Downpour provides the ability to manage multiple simultaneous torrents, limit upload and download bandwidth, and monitoring interfaces for remote administration.
downstream	DownStream is an online video service that features a television-like scheduling system, including the ability to show ads and plan videos to be shown in the stream. DownStream will use Flash as a content provider and PHP/XML/SQL to store the schedual.
downtown	Downtown is a character editor for the roguelike game Ancient Dungeons Of Mystery (http://www.adom.de). Windows players can use the spiffy wADOMF (http://www.geocities.com/adomf/); for everyone else, downtown is your only choice (other than not cheating)
downtube-gui	Downtube is a program to download videos from YouTube sites. If you know YouTube, you realize that videos can only be viewed through a Flash Player. Sometimes  the video is amazing and you may want to save it. This program is your solution.
downutube	The best software for short-movie sites. Browses, Downloads and Manages Clips from YouTube, Google Video, Apple Trailers and IMDB. It has the capability of being the desktop part of web sites. From a single GUI, all sites can have their desktop program.
dowrm	A Replay Manager for the RTS game Dawn of War.
dowser	Dowser is a research tool for the web. It clusters results from search engines, associates words that appear in previous searches, and keeps a local cache of all the results you click on in a searchable database. It helps you keep track of what you find.
doxfs	DoXFS (pron. docs-eff-ess) Document Managment System
doxnparts	Intranet repository for Engeneering projects. Helps users to manage informations, CAD Drawings, 3Dmodels, BOMs (etc).Supports OpenOffice by database generated documents, does versioning and file-locking. To use with every CAD software.
doxumental	doXuMenTal - A lightweight XML and XSL to XHTML system that uses Xalan to create websites and documentation.
doxwiki	A simple-to-use Wiki for a Web site, personal database, or flexible document source. Has a compatable mark-up language with powerful extensions. Use any web server or built-in personal server. The output is xhtml-compliant.
doxychange	DoxyChange is an extension of Doxygen which provides a mechanism to display changes in SVG/HTML/UML format between two revisions of a given software system.
doxychecker	DoxyChecker checks if source code documentation requirements of your projects are met. It does this by parsing the XML output generated by DoxyGen. It will report all errors spotted. DoxyChecker runs on the linux command line.
doxycomment	DoxyComment is a small set of tools designed to help you document your C/C++ projects. Currently the project contains an add-in for Visual Studio 2005 and an xslt formatting template.
doxygen	Doxygen is a JavaDoc like documentation system for C++, C, Java and IDL.
doxymacs	doxymacs aims to make creating/using Doxygen-created documentation easier for the {X}Emacs user.
doxymake	DoxyProxy is wrapper software, driving three main components:  doxygen, graphviz and xsltproc using specialized Doxyfile templates, xslt templates and your POSIX-like shell environment.  Is in an alpha but still useful state.  Tested on x86 Linux.
doxymentor	DoxyMentor makes autogeneration of software project documentation a snap, by utliizing DoxyMake (and doxygen), and a source code repository.  Supports exporting tagged modules from cvs and documenting them based on a short-and-sweet Doxymake config file.
doxyproxy	DoxyProxy is connector software, connecting doxygen (and DoxyMake) to your web browser and/or a web server.  Requires PHP.  Can also make use of cvs repositories and version tags.  Can also optionally interface with viewcvs over http.
doxytask	An ANT task to invoke the Doxygen documentation system.  Doxygen provides, among other things, class diagrams generated from your Java sources.  This task allows Doxygen to be configured and invoked from and within ANT&#039;s build configuration.
doyen	Doyen is a personal workflow management program.  It can be used as a scheduler/todo list, but offers &quot;flexible scheduling&quot; features unavailable in most comparable programs, allowing you to specify that you want to work on a task, and then sche
doyencd	Doyen is a Science Platform. It features a Live CD that contains free and open source science software and a Wiki user interface that runs on a laptop. It also features a host-based Wiki that allows drag-and-drop movement of literate programs.
doylereport	Image Search Application
doze	A BSD-licensed object-oriented database engine (for Java).
dozer	Dozer is a powerful, yet simple Java Bean to Java Bean mapper. Typically, these Java Beans will be of different complex types. Dozer supports simple property mapping, complex type mapping, bi-directional mapping, as well as recursive mapping.
dp2	dp2 is a metaproject.  see the homepage for information.
dp2pftp	A fast, secure decentralized peer 2 peer protocol, enhanching a completely anonymous and multi-source downloads platform for sharing files involving different plugins for services such as web homepage, chat and much more.
dp4nn	An experimental project to explore various Design Patterns for Artificial Neural Network implementations.
dp500net	A new server for the KiSS DP500. Based on the java project OpenDP500, this server gives to you a GUI interface to administrate your favorite player.
dp500serv	DP500-Serv is a simple program that shares your media files with your KISS DP-500 DVD Player. It replaces the bundled PC-Link software. It is designed to work on Linux/BSD platforms.
dp9	DP9 is a gateway service that enables indexing of an OAI data provider by an Internet search engine.
dpanic	Distributed Web Crawler
dpapviewer	DPAP viewer is a utility for viewing photos shared using the Digital Photograph Access Protocol. It is capable of viewing photos shared by Apple&#039;s iPhoto program.
dparser	DParser is a scannerless GLR parser generator based on the Tomita algorithm.  It is self-hosted and very easy to  use.  Grammars are written in a natural style of EBNF and regular expressions and support both speculative and final actions.
dpartialmirror	The Debian partial mirror synch scripts allows to build/upgrade a local partial mirror from a Debian package mirror (using rsync).
dpat	C++ Design Pattern library.
dpatoolkit	A toolkit to design applications using design patterns, with facility to generate code, and reverse engineering. Drag and Drop facility to create  UML Class diagrams  Support to write custom plug-ins for code generators and reverse engineering.
dpbb	dpBB (Digital Paradox Bulletin Board) is an open source bulletin board system implemented with PHP4 and MySQL. It aims to be extremely light-weighted and customizable, but still at the same time stylish and easy to use.
dpcl	Dynamic Probe Class Library (DPCL) is an object based C++ class library that provides the necessary infrastructure to allow tool developers and sophisticated tool users to build parallel and serial tools through technology called dynamic instrumentation.
dpcms	This is a large CMS with functions like adding new articles, news, creating a photo gallery for admins and special users of the website. With this application deciding about new things on the page and menagment with it will be very easy and quick.
dpencoder	DPencoder is an easy-to-use mencoder frontend written in Perl using the PerlQt extension for Qt. This project is dedicated to newbies who want to rip they DVD in a few clicks. Have fun !
dpentest	Distributed nessus pentest framework.
dperl	dperl is a perl script, written to run with the Apache webserver, that allows to embed perl code into html files
dpf	Dark-Powered Forum is a PHP&amp;MySQL only based forum. Aimed at being highly customizable, robust in options, fun, and easy to use, we shoot to be one of the best.
dpf-framework	DPF - Demon PHP Framework. Require PHP5. Contain collection of classes/functions for web-development, advanced packages import tool, error2exception mechanism.
dpgencoder	This is an application that helps with the conversion of video files to the dpg (nintendo Ds mPeG) format that can be played on the Nintendo DS using the Moonshell application.
dpgt	An advanced automatic {x,ht}ml generator built on libXMLement - complete with widgets, a cgi manager, and base classes for {x,ht}ml pages. generates xml, xhtml, and html.  Use in conjunction with css and javascript for best results.
dpgui	GUI for DarwinPorts package management system
dpgzope	dpgzope is Zope3 product implementing some components (a folder, a page, etc.) to build a simple CMS on top of the existing Zope 3 infrastructure.
dphone	This program makes it possible to use your old analog modem to dialup, and keep a complete record of all your friends and family for easy reference when trying to find there phone number or email address.
dphrm	Dphrm is a web base HRM system. Aim to provide easy, stable, and usefull HRM System for most company. We do this for hobby.
dpi	Disgruntled Paradigms, Inc. is a fictional company that creates real free software following basic tenets of good software engineering which most people seem to have forgotten about.
dpi-filter	A content filtering system based on deep package inspection.It recognizes the real protocol of stream regardless of port. The Protocols can be HTTP/SMTP/POP3/FTP/TELNET/P2P/IM, etc. Provide protection against viruses, spywares, worms, Trojans, etc.
dpictureframe	Digital Picture Frame: How to make varying types of digital picture frames, and software to display pictures
dpiwe-mr	Mr Architecture is an object-relational mapping and a client-server architecture which provides for persistence of EJB-like components in a relational database. Mr Architecture is dependent on Java 2 Enterprise Edition interfaces.
dpjs	A perl script that parses given JavaScript source files for documentation in JavaDoc style, and generates HTML description page about functions, its parameters, etc.
dpki	DPKI stand for Domestic PKI. Basicaly, a collection of usefull scripts to set up, operate and maintain a working PKI (CAs and EEs) for domestic usage (your private use, your company, your association, for fun...).
dplab	An Eclipse based tool to teach design patterns.
dplanet	Simple Flash Template System is a ready-made website design made by Flash which created to use it as a basis for fast and high-quality website development.
dplay-masq	This is a module for the Linux ip_masq system to enable full support for Microsoft&#039;s DirectPlay (TM) protocol.
dplayer	The digital player/recorder system is designed to be an automatable back-end video handling system using common and low cost hardware. The project was originally an educational project designed and implemented for a small local television station.
dplus	calculates how many days are passed from the given day to today
dpmod	DP Tools are a set of tools to improve the use of OGSpy in an ally for the MMPORPG ogame.
dpmta	DPMTA is a portable implementation of the Paralel Multipole Tree Algorithm (PMTA) for evaluation of all-pairs N-Body interactions.  The algorithm is an enhanced version of Greengards FMA.  DPMTA runs as a serial or parallel process under MPI.
dpmx	Java Peer-to-Peer library for multiple applications, providing support for encrypted single user and multi-user discovery and shared sessions.
dpmxl	Derivatives portfolio modeler XL is a powerful visual analysis tool for stock, ETF, indices, commodities, fixed income and currency options strategies using what-if scenarios. Does not depend on data source. Requires Microsoft Excel and QuantLibXL add-in
dpn	Disposable Phone Numbers creates virtual telephone numbers that can be activated and deactivated to guard privacy. Callers must enter a valid extension number to be connected. The system can collect caller statistics and support blacklists.
dpnk	DPNK - Um Framework para Persist?ncia de Dados em PHP
dportal	DPortal is a Web Portal written in PHP. Unlike others it is aimed to be light and user-friendly by integrating modules that can be added and removed. This system provides a powerful Web Portal with only the features YOU want.
dpp	Saros brings distributed pair programming to Eclipse. It features instant messaging capabilities, shared text file editting and shared file operations. Saros is a project by the Software-Engineering group of the Freie Universität Berlin.
dpp32	This tools is a pre-processor for Delphi and Kylix. It introduces macros to the object pascal language and consists of a command line tool and a design-time tools that is fully integrated into the Delphi IDE.
dpplayer	Dam-pro DPPlayer is a media player for Linux and Windows. He used Mplayer under Linux and Quicktime under Windows.
dpprojects	dev-postnuke soft team are a group of programmers of Postnuke. This project will store all our free developments
dpr	The Digital Preservation Recorder (DPR) has been developed by the National Archives of Australia to manage a digital preservation workflow. It features antivirus integration and makes use of the Xena framework for preservation conversions of data objects
dprobes	Dynamic Probes is a linux debugging facility that will operate under the most extreme software conditions. It offers a technique for debugging in both kernel and user space by allowing you to insert &quot;probes&quot; in running programs.
dprobes-samples	Example and library set of scripts written in the dProbes pseudo-assembly language
dproject	Web Portal System - Dragon Project.
dproofreaders	Distributed Proofreaders is a tool written in PHP intended to ease the process of converting Public Domain books and other printed materials into e-texts. The main site is at http://www.pgdp.net
dprpt	This is a web based PHP reporting tool for HP Data Protector.
dps	An extension largely compatible with Display PostScript(r).  The implementation is targeted at XFree86, and is based on L. Peter Deutsch&#039;s ``Ghostscript&#039;&#039; interpreter.  This project is obsolete.
dps902-foobot	Robots dueling for dominance in a fight to the death! Sound familiar? Well, with the Foobot Battle Arena, partaking in those gladiatorial games of gears is possible in a virtual environment. Pitt your program against another coder&#039;s.
dpsb	DPS - Directory phone service
dpsc	Eine Sammlung von Perl-Skripten die Administratoren eines Linux-Systems bei der t?glichen Arbeit unterst?tzen sollen. Die meisten Skripte aus dem Wunsch entstanden, wiederkehrende Aufgaben (Backup etc.) komfortabel steuern zu k?nnen.
dpscanner	A opened ports scanner, that can connect to some kind of server to recive ip&#039;s to scan and send them the results. ie with one IRC, or Jabber server.
dpshelper	Applicativo open source per il supporto alla stesura del Documento Programmatico sulla Sicurezza (DPS) ai sensi del D.leg. 196 del 30 giugno 2003. Permette la raccolta dei dati rilevanti e la produzione degli allegati del suddetto documento
dpshop	dp Shopsoftware mit Frames. Das Shopsystem versendet Bestell-E-Mails und loggt die Bestellungen. Der Webshop wird Online verwaltet. Der Onlineshop kann ?ber Templates und den eigenen Designmanager gestaltet werden. SSL ist m?glich. Deeplinkfunktion ...
dpspoints	WoW addon for offensive skills and capacity evaluation
dpsprivacy	E&#039; un programma che aiuta a costruire il DPS secondo la legge 96 Italiana. Effettua tutte le domande atte a costruire la struttura dell&#039;azienda. Mancano analisi dei rischi
dpsql	PostgreSQL is the most advanced OpenSource RDBMS, but lacks some enterprise features, like sync replication, distributed transaction, data partitioning, etc. This project focuses on development of 2-phase commit and distributed transaction processing.
dpss	Sistema web (php+adodb+mysql) per la gestione e la generazione del documento programmatico sulla sicurezza. I documenti vengono generati in RTF in base a modelli. Viene generato il DPSS e le lettere di incarico.
dpstats	Bioinformatics software for analyzing the location of DNA motifs that induce self-catalytic depurination.
dpsys	DPS, the Dynamic Presentation System, is a utility which provides easy-to-use presentation functionality with multiple display devices. In addition, a network-connected personal data assistant may optionally be used for remote control of the system.
dpt	The Decision Procedure Toolkit (DPT) is a system of cooperating\ndecision procedures for answering satisfiability queries.  The DPT\nimplementation in OCaml comprises a DPLL-style SAT solver with\ntheory-specific decision procedures.
dptv	dptv =&gt; developpement plateforme pour traitement vidéo
dpubs	Digital Publishing System (DPubS) is electronic publishing software for organizing, presenting, and delivering both open access and subscription-controlled scholarly communications in multiple formats (journals, books, conference proceedings, etc.).
dpv	DPV - Data Protector Viewer gives a comfortable way to view and analyze the HP Data Protector&#039;s database without interrupting the work of the application.
dpweblog	This project is a web-based personal publishing system, which is designed to make the maintenance of regularly updated news or journal websites.  The project is not limited to websites similar to Weblogs because it is designed as a basic plugin for updat
dpydes	DPyDES (&#039;Dipidees,&#039; for &#039;Do Pythons Dream of Electric Sheep?&#039;)  is a collection of neural network software written in Python and a forum for discussion of neural network topics.
dqd	A qmail distribution based on dirqmail intended to be used by qmail power users.
dqsd	Dave&#039;s Quick Search Deskbar is an add-on for the Windows Desktop Taskbar that lets you launch searches quickly. With almost 400 searches, a calculator, clock, calendar, and much more in one little textbox, it&#039;s monster functionality in a flea-s
dqsoftware	DataQuest company&#039;s OpenSource projects
dqt	Dancing QT is a combined music database and player application specially designed for dancing schools and equivalent applications. Key features are an easy-to-use interface, fast search capabilities, playlist management, exact pitching and crossfading.
dqtappserver	DQT Application Server a &quot;plug-and-play&quot; system that empowers users to create a totally dynamic website using a set of flexible, modular, and powerful browser-based tools.
dqtjspaging	DQT.JSPaging is a advanced javascript paging system based on DHTML for IE6, especially for AJAX applications.
dquote	Dquote is a simple to use, simple to edit script that displays a daily quote for each day of the year, including leap year (February 29th).  Dquote doesn&#039;t need MySql database to work, is just simple, source free, PHP code.  It can be used with PHP,
dr-eidruc	A Rubik&#039;s cube game for java capable cellphones (MIDP 2.0). Features:\n- multiple views: 3D and 2D (also able to run on older cellphones which do not support 3D)\n- automatic solvers which can solve the cube either step-by-step or completely.
dr-skeleton	Skeleton is an easy program to built in once a skeleton of code for C or C++.
dr-tools	A set of data recovery tools.
dr-wiki	dr_wiki is a Media Wiki compliant Wiki implementation for the Typo3 CMS.
dr300zx	Dr300zx has been designed to help diagnose and/or fix problems with the 90+ 300ZX Z32 motor vehicle. Features include health report of most z32 sensors, ecu fault diagnostics in plain english and rom download for ecu tuning.
draak	Draak is a multi-language, macro compiler, meaning all syntax and code generation is defined in a single file. Draak is a single binary that is able to compile any context free language (like C, Pascal, Java) for any platform with only 1 file.
drac-cardlib	Drac is a portable card game library that uses SDL.
drace	UNIX BitTorrent client written in c.
dracman	DracMan is a game based on the old and fun game of PacMan with a Dracula-theme. Plays in any Java-enabled browser and is quite fun! The game is in Swedish, but that should not stop non-English speaking people from playing since it&#039;s not that much te
dracocli	Draco CLI (Command Line Interface) is an attempt to create a Linux management system similar to those used in routing hardware (Cisco IOS).  The goal is to create a system to provide all the benefits of a single management interface.
draconet	Continuous Integration for .NET: Draco.NET is a Windows service application designed to facilitate continuous integration.
draconetweb	Draco.NetWeb is an ASP.Net front end for the Continuous Integration tool Draco.net
draconis	Star Trek-like, command-driven simulation game. The user will be able to control practically every inch of the ship and it&#039;s systems. The project is going for size and complexity, without placing too much value on graphics. Command or Menu -driven. 
draft	&quot;Draft&quot; provides a collaborative design environment to assist in prototyping projects - software or other - in a graphical manner. It&#039;s written in Java and provides an interactive, animated UI framework to create rich content. Emphasis is 
draft-simul	The goal of this project is to develop a simulator for the drafts of professional sports leagues.
drafty	PHP Wiki-like Multi-user Draft Review System. Small, simple, easy way to post draft documents and let others review and comment on them.
dragnarpg	DragnaRPG is an engine for online RPG games that will be used in the upcoming games Quest for the Dragnarok (http://dragnarok.info) and partially by Compets (http://compets.net). It is free software under the LGPL and will run on Windows, Linux and Mac.
dragolet	Dragolet Online is an effort to turn the Mirage Source Systems in VB6 to easy-to-use tools to make an unique MMORPG without programming knowledge. We&#039;re also working on our own sample MMORPG, Dragolet Online, based on the fantastical Dragolet Isle.
dragon	Implementation of a combined scanner and parser generator for object oriented C++ or Java code generation
dragon-char	Dragon Character Training is a PalmOS program using stroke recognition to help you learn to read and write Chinese characters. It is good for learning Mandarin vocabulary and characters.
dragon-engine	Realtime strategy game with nice graphics. ;-)
dragon-int	Interpreter for a new language named &quot;Dragon&quot;. The language enables OOP, although it&#039;s aimed to go one step further, towards what we called &quot;Semantics Oriented Programming&quot; (or SOP). Catalan &amp; English.
dragon-vii-mdp	The application included in this project provides some facilities in processing results of molecular dynamic modeling and close experiments.
dragon73	Dragon 7.3 is free application with plugins and extensions support built in order to provide customizible dashboard for scientific experiments processing (dusty plasmas along with molecular dynamics).
dragonapi	The DragonBASIC API is a set of assembler based library files needed to code in DragonBASIC, a BASIC language for the GameBoy Advanced.
dragonarmy	Dragon Army is designed to be an RPG system loosely based on the 3rd Edition Dungeons &amp; Dragons system written in C++. This means same races, classes, spells and general attributes, but the system has been completely altered: it is now d100.
dragonball	Ultra tiny dragonball computer
dragonblaze	A basic OpenGL 3D game engine built from the ground up to support multi-texturing, mip-mapping, face culling and more. Its simplicity is its virtue to aid in learning and to ease expansion. Currently, it runs on Windows using MFC, Linux support is coming
dragonbot	dragonBot is an IRC-based Wikipedia bot. It&#039;s purpose is to aid users and administrators with the sometimes arduous task of mining through user&#039;s edit history. This is especially useful for administrators, and anti-vandalism fighters.
dragonbreath	The DragonBreath Engine is a constraint solver based on local search. It features real-time computation, handling of dynamics, structural constraint satisfaction, and an easy way to include domain-specific knowledge.
dragonchess	An implementation of Dragon Chess (by Gary Gygax) for PC
dragoncms	A Module-based PHP CMS system. Use only a webbased backend and modules for the frontend.
dragoncomposer	Dragon Composer is an experimental project toward creating a new programming language (dragon) or environment where a programmer can write readable and reusable codes efficiently.
dragonden	To provide a easy to use reporting system via the web
dragonfirefe	Dragonfire is a replacement client for the game DragonRealms, created by Simutronics Corp. When completed, Dragonfire will offer an advanced scripting system, trigger support, and a plugin system that gives more functionality and flexibility to users.
dragonfly	An MVC servlet framework/presentation layer written in Java.  As this is Java-based, it is platform-independant.
dragonflybsd	DragonFly is an operating system and environment designed to be the logical continuation of the FreeBSD-4.x OS series. These operating systems belong in the same class as Linux in that they are based on UNIX ideals and APIs. DragonFly is a fork in the pa
dragonforge	Raise a dragon from hatchling to death.  Will you create the most feared dragon ever?  Or will you dive the poor thing to insanity?
dragongoserver	Dragon Go Server is a web-based server for playing go (a.k.a baduk, weichi and igo). It&#039;s intended as a replacement for play-by-email, where the server keeps tracks of the moves. Tools used are php and mysql.
dragonkart	A go-kart style racing game emphasizing quick games, cartoonish feel and short learning curve.
dragonlair	Text-based MUD to learn Java concepts.
dragonlib	A cross language library that provides tools to increase efficency and precision, in Java, python, and c++. with c# and javascript as possible extensions.  provides \nfractions and vectors.
dragonlibrary	The Dragon Library provides an encompassing library of game and application functions and objects, ranging from networking to DirectX graphics.
dragonlinux	DragonLinux was a distribution of Linux that had the ability to be installed on a loopback file on an existing FAT16 or FAT32 partition. It is here only for historical reference.
dragonmagi	A new game for Mac OS X as well as Mac OS 8-9 and Windows.  Think SuperMario and Dungeons and Dragons.  This 2-D side-scrolling RPG is sure to captivate you as you play through its many levels with plot twists at every corner.
dragonmagic	Dragonmagic, the first Magic Online Game created with Delphi, GlScene and ICS.
dragonnotifier	Dragon Notifier is a utility for Go players. It sits in your windows tray bar and lets you know if there are any games on the popular Dragon Server when it is your turn to play. It is written in C# using the .Net platform.
dragonphp	A light-weight MVC (model 2) web application framework for PHP 5. It supports controllers, dynamic templating, implicite flow control, logging, request validator, model helper, and an active record implementation.
dragonquest	Dragon Quest is a 2D role playing game coded in Visual Studio.NET for the Windows platform. DQ is a throwback to older console role playing games but with modernized game play and story progression.
dragonrealm	DragonRealm is a Role Playing Game based on ADD. It aims at being compliant with most of the rule set of ADD and allow Dungeon Masters to easely create their own world and/or quest. The graphical part should be 2D to begin with.
dragonroot	DragonRoot is a game engine designed to support 3D Role-Playing games.
dragonsales	E-Commerence mangement software that helps the seller track both pre and post sales, inventory, and a wide array of tools that helps the seller manage their store efficently and increase customer satisfaction.
dragonslayers	Dragon Slayers is a php-mysql based, multiplayer frp game. You need a webserver(apache), MySQL database and PHP to install  the game on your computer.  Or you can play it directly on our server without installing anything o
dragonsoul	DragonSoul Online est une tentative de réalisation d&#039;un jeu de rôle online amateur.
dragonspirits	Some projects created during my graduation. 1) A little and simple RPG engine baed on Final Fantasy series. The objective of this project is to create a editor and game much like RPG Maker using SDL. 2) My graduation work, a RTS engine with AI* using age
dragontale	The Dragon Tale project, an MMORPG (Massive Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game) written in C++ using OGRE 3D, a free object-oriented graphics rendering engine supporting GNU/Linux, MacOS and Windows platforms.
dragontech	In Dragontech we create fun quality games for various operating systems.
dragonunpacker	Dragon UnPACKer is a game archive (Quake PAK, etc..) unpacking tool. It is plugin based making easier to add new archive file formats. It has convert ability and raw search function for known material (audio, video and pictures).
dragonviet	This project is aiming to create a nice and play-able RPG game base on Irrlicht3D Engine
dragonxemu	GunBound Server Emulator, for the old GunBound Thor Hammer. Why thor hammer version is not used by softnix now and have lot of players is like these version.
dragonzord	A tool made with the Gecko for the Gecko! It&#039;s the philosophy of DragonzorD. A tool for translate softwares &#039;powered by gecko&#039; (Mozilla based)
dragoon	Dragoon is a CMS multilanguage,very fast ( no image and not a lot of fonctions ) but with very different templates .The CMS respects the W3C recommandations ( Xhtml 1.1 strict and CSS2 )
dragster	A browser based game where you buy and sell cars, buy and sell parts for the cars,  and race your cars. Has intergrated Messaging system and intergrated forums.
drakcms	A simple, light, non-bloated and accessible content management system for advanced users who need a scalability. Is a single user system, allows dynamic templates and extensions. PHP5 only. Includes SVG image renderer and other administration functions
drake-devkit	DRAKE is a true homebrew game console that consists of specially crafted hardware, system software and games.
drakeadmin	Drake Admin is a All-In-One site admin solution. The modules can be used to extend the software for any use (work-in-progress).&lt;br /&gt;It use &lt;a href=\\&quot;http://smarty.php.net/\\&quot;&gt;Smarty Template Engine&lt;/a&gt; and can use mysql, postg
drakecms	Drake CMS is a light-weight PHP dynamic web authoring and content managment system with an embedded flat file database and support for any other database system. High speed, best security, fully internationalized and customizable. Works on ANY PHP4/PHP5
drakesdcphantom	This project aims to be a gateway between irc and dc++ hub servers. It connects to irc becoming a bridge between irc and hub dc++ community! This project is still an alpha release, use it with care !
drakon	Drakon provides a graphical display of the running processes and lets you pause or terminate them.
drakonwall	Drakonwall is a simple but very powerful firewall for Debian GNU/Linux servers.
drakt	Drakt is a simple C++ based RPG Game pruduced by a High School C++ Programming Class.
drakxtools-ng	New generation of Mandrakelinux drakxtools
drama	drAmA is a metaphor for the Mock Objects pattern. It implements concepts from the field of dramatic arts (mise en scene, roles, actors, critics) to better express techniques used in automated software testing.
drarch	Drarch is a discoverer of the architecture of an implemented system tool for Eclipse plug-ins. The results are represented by Components and UCMs diagrams.
dratom	DrAtom is Dave&#039;s RSS and Atom client, a python-based weblog/feed reader (and eventually full read/write ATOM client).
draughts-world	An academic project that grew greatly amongst all expectations: draughts server + client, using System V IPC API. Generic IPC classes (especially for message queues), widget-based UI (ncurses) can be reused in other projects.
draw	vector graphics draw program written in java
drawai	drawAI is a tool to create virtual world animations from rough sketches. drawAI uses a massively parallel distributed brain like architecture and Bayesian analysis to interpret drawings.
drawback	DrawBack Mail Manager is a very simple and easy to use email manager.  It enables you to manage thousands maybe even millions of users all at the ease of a simple control panel.  Ideal for every site in which you have announcments to make!
drawgenerator	Draw-Gen is a simple utility for sports administrators that optimises multi grade, multi field draws.  It is written in python.
drawimage	this project is allow manipulate with images for planimetric analysis for science
drawingmessenge	Drawing Messenger is an instant messaging program with built-in shared whiteboard and file sending capabilities. All communications go through a small server which can be run anywhere, making opening ports for the clients unnecessary.
drawpile	DrawPile is a collaborative drawing program, similar to OpenCanvas.
drawswf	This is a simple drawing application written in Java. It generates animated SWF Files, which redraws everything you have drawn with the mouse in the editor.
drawtiming	A command line tool for generating timing diagrams from ASCII input files.  The input files use a structured language to represent signal state transitions and interdependencies.  Raster image output support is provided by ImageMagick.
drawwer	Easy to use tool to generate boundary files for World Wind.
drax	DHCP Relay Agent X (drax)
drbj	dr. blackjack is a recreation of the classic (but then again, it seems that only I have played it) windows 95 version of dr. blackjack. It is a gui blackjack tutor that will teach you  basic play methods and counting methods.
drbl	DRBL provides diskless or systemless environment. Unlike LTSP, DRBL uses distributed hardware resources and makes it possible for clients to fully access local hardware. It also includes Clonezilla, a partition and disk cloning utility similar to Ghost.
drbl-winroll	drbl-winRoll is a tool that enables MS-Windows client to accept commands from DRBL server, and it resolve hostname, SID duplication problem via using image clone tool at single local LAN. It also provide to fix Workgroup via ip/netmask automatically.
drblast	This is a collection of small libraries and miscellaneous software projects that I&#039;ve developed.  Some might be useful for inclusion in larger projects, others would only serve as examples or tutorials.
drbs	This software is a distributed replicated blob server (inspired by the google file system paper http://www.cs.rochester.edu/sosp2003/papers/p125-ghemawat.pdf ). It stores your blobs ( &lt;=&gt; files) on a given number of your servers.
drc-fir	DRC generates digital room correction FIR filters to be used within HiFi systems in conjunction with real time convolution engines like BruteFIR.
drcfile	drcfile is a PHP program to make available files on internet using a browser. Files are not hierarchically ordered but can be tagged with multiple labels. Data and metadata are stored in MySQL. Data can be crypted and compressed.
drchem	drchem is the C++ library for creating high quality, ready-to-publish, 2D chemical schemes (chemical structures, reactions etc.) with postscript/SVG/bitmap output.
drckgameplay	This project aims at creating a server/client system for the playing games that mostly follow the Dungeons and Dragons 3.5 edition rules by Wizards of the Coast.
drcms	This project is to create a Linux based Router Configuration Management System for Cisco Routers (initially supporting router IOS 12.0+). The project was written in bash and perl scripting but has now been rewritten in Ruby, and makes use of Linux system
drcom-client	drcom-client is the open source client for logging in to the 2133 Broadband Remote Access Server (also known as Dr.COM)
drcom-nix	This is a Dr.COM client for Linux/Unix/BSD with features of MD5 digest and Challenge/Response Model. It provides much safer and stabler connection between DrCOM Internet Service server and client.
drcompile	A compiler able to use sources from multiple languages, and build to different target platforms.  Eventually, it should be able to compile itself, at which point the c++ standard headers will likely be replaced with the compiler&#039;s own libraries.
drcsharp	DrC# (Dr. C sharp) is an integrated C# development environment that supports interactive evaluation of expressions.
drdaq	Tools and applications associated with the DrDAQ data acquisition module.
drdiscover	A desktop learning management and knowledge management tool written in C#
drdivx	Dr. DivX 2.0; officially the unofficial DivX encoding tool to create DivX Media Format files for playback on DivX hardware and software players.
drdsvet	Projekt který se snaí vytvo?it hru na bázi DrD pravidel pro experty sv?t. Hra je on-line, zaloená na webovém a swingovém rozhraní.
dre	The Distributed Real-time Embedded Analysis Method (DREAM) is a tool and method for optimizing multiple QoS properties of distributed real-time embedded (DRE) systems.
dre-form	with DRE-Form validator you can validate your html forms using DOM and regulars expressions. It&#039;s crossbrowser and fully customizable.
dreadfulhours	The Dreadful hours is database browser : it presents data from an existing database and allows user to browse from talbe to table and from line to line.
dreadnought	Dreadnought is a client/server application to configure the Open Source Linux PBX Asterisk.
dreadshade	This MMORPG aims at people who likes the idea of itemraids and building skills. As a work in progress this should not be considered as a project that will ever reach completion. We will continue to develop the game with new quests, items and better gfx
dream	Dream is an overhead graphical MUD, vaugely reminicent of older versions of Final Fantasy.
dream-circ	Dream is a powerful and user-friendly system for tracking print distribution and circulation. It uses many principles from customer relationship management (CRM) systems, but in a way specific to print publishers.
dream-down	This is an integrated downloading software for any Windows and Linux platform. Support http, ftp, mms, bt, emule etc. everything you could imagine.
dream-editor	Dream Editor is a very handy and useful graphical text editor for any platform.
dream-sdk	DreamSDK is the .NET/Mono development framework that makes building REST-based services a snap.
dreambeam	DreamBeam is an Church Song and Media Presentation Software for Windows written in C#. It has an integrated Bible using the Sword Project.
dreamblade	Utilities programs for players of Dreamblade (Copyrighted product of Wizards of the Coast)
dreamblog	dreamLog is a simple, fast and easy way to bring yourself one step closer to all of your news posting, blogging or web journaling needs. Uses PHP
dreambot	DreamBot - Experimental IRC Bot written in Perl
dreamboxdev	DreamBoxDev is an Integrated Development Environment for the DreamBox sat Decoder.
dreamboxx	Dreambox X Software Project provides appropriate software developed on Linux and open standards for the DreamBox (DVB) Set Top box. This project will focus on English language support, updated documentation and useful guidance.
dreamchat	This is a good replacement to well known iChat application which is not longer supported by the author. \nApplication has similar interface, all existing iChat functions and many more new features (video broadcasting, improved server part).
dreamdiary	A convenient dream journal or dream diary application with password protection, for dream interpretation or lucid dreaming, dreamsign categorization &amp; posting to dream diary sites. It will help with prospective memory training, an aid to MILD.
dreamdvd	DreamDVD is a project for the famous Dreambox-Receiver. You can copy your movies via ftp. Later you can edit the Transport-Stream-Files and cut your movies. After that step your can generate a dvd.
dreamenc	DreamEncoder is a TwinVQ batch-encoder working in XWindow environment based.
dreamers	Es un Juego RPG programado en PHP, basado en las reglas de Dungeon &amp; Dragoons, actualmente en face Beta, pero que incorpora 3 razas Humanos, Elfos y Orcos.
dreamgate	Dreamgate aims at providing MUD players with scriptability on par with zMUD or MUSHClient. Currently we are working on the core processing and scripting architecture. The client can be used as a proxy between the server and a graphical client.
dreaming	Dreaming #7 has been designed from the ground up to be very configurable &amp; easily integrated into any system that uses plain TEXTAREA tags. Can use Javascript or \\&quot;body onload\\&quot; events to initialise. Requires JRE 1.4 browser plugin.
dreamingmydream	The Project about Universe life: wars, flights, trading, conquer.
dreamircd	An IRCD coded in c# which will support mono running on linux, and also windows systems with the .net framework installed. Will strictly follow the irc rfc.
dreamixos	Dreamix is an OS distribution published under the GNU GPL License. Developed for PC (x86), XBox and Dreamcast. Images may be larger than 300Mo with the X server included, games and more...
dreamlegendas	DreamLegendador is a Subtitler automatic searcher and downloader, based on movie hash.\nIt use public databases like opensubtitles
dreamlog	Dreamlog is news discussion system. It&#039;s written in Perl, for Apache, MySQL, and Mason.
dreammedia	DreamMedia finds the media (music,movies,etc) that a user wants using the existing media access frameworks (Gnutella,opennap).  It will also try to figure out what things a user might like that they don&#039;t have and get those automatically.
dreammysqlclass	Multi-purpose complete set of MySQL and MySQL Improved classes for PHP 5.x
dreamnet	DreamNet is a Java online multiplayer hacking simulation game, inspired by the commercial game &quot;Uplink&quot;.
dreamos	IMPORTANT : pour des informations ? jour, voyez la nouvelle page du projet sur http://savannah.gnu.org/projects/owl/
dreampage	DreamPage lets you create dynamic web sites with PHP and is perfect for skinned websites, multiple languages, multiple sites (hosting), large sites, HTML, WML and pretty much anything.
dreamplay	The Linux console player, which supports TwinVQ, wav formats, uses NTT Free Decoding Library, and Open Sound System to play these files. In future we predict mp3, aac and other formats support.
dreampnp	DreamStream enables the Linux based DVB-Tuner Dreambox to become an UPnP Media Server, which will add DVB support in your UPnP network. The UPnP server supports multiple Dreambox tuners, enabling dynamic allocation of tuners.
dreamreel	Dreamreel is a general-purpose multimedia player which uses multimedia components from the xine and ffmpeg projects and runs on top of the KallistiOS real-time console OS.
dreamriver	Dreamriver is a cross platform mid-eval roleplaying game.
dreams	Dreams Eternal is an FPS game with focus on storyline instead of shooting. The goal of the game is to have a scary athmosphere. Basicly the game will play in the dream world and will concentrate on puzzle solving. Crystal Space is used for 3D.
dreamsbuilder	DreamsBuilder is an open source game editor wich use the futur game engine OGE (Open Game Engine) based on OGRE for rendering.
dreamstudios	Webmail in ASP for windows servers
dreamsync	DreamSync is a Java and HTTP based database synchronization infrastructure for Oracle and Mysql databases. It supports data sub setting, two-way change propagation with conflict detection and resolution.
dreamtags	So the designer wants to change the look of the site, but you&#039;ve spent ages getting the JSPs to reflect the current design. With these tags you can harness the power of Dreamweaver to let the designer do their work without havng to update your JSPs.
dreamtime	PHP Dreamtime is a development framework for deploying web sites.  It includes template management, re-usable components, and a content manager.
dreamweaver-mt	Dreamweaver extension for Movable Type (http://www.movabletype.org/)
dreamworld	Virtual World where you can chat and give a life to your avatar. The engine itself is highly scalable and extensible, even links between different worlds with different rules are possible.
dredgenet	DredgeNet is a distributed search program that is particularly useful for up-to-date searching of intranets.
dregg-stunts	A quick fun cart racing game... but with stunts!
drelbs	Since the evil Trolloboars came to your world,all inhabitants of the drelbish kingdom have been imprisoned.As the last free Drelb your mission is to free them by defeating the Trolloboars on the atomic flip grid and the Gorgolytes in the dark corridor.
drempels	Drempels Desktop Enhancer and Psychedelic Wallpaper
dres	First free and open-source requirements management software! PHP application that uses MySQL database or CORBA server to store and manage your project&#039;s requirements. Rich attributes set, extensive XML support, hierarchical folders, reports.
dresden-ocl	A modular OCL (Object Constraint Language) toolkit. Parses and type-checks OCL constraints, and instruments java code for runtime verification. Integrated into various CASE-tools and an SQL-code generator. There are now two versions: OCL1.x and OCL2.0.
dresp	Dynamic Reconfigurable Epidemiology Simulation Platform:Unlike traditional approaches, this platform supports real-time information update to simulate a breakout more exactly and efficiently. With the API of GIS, it can be deployed in various environment
dreypplayer	A good WAV / MP3 / WMA / CDA player with a loot of interesting functions, Equalizer, and more..... This Player have an excelent Database to manage your songs easily.
drftpd	A distributed FTP daemon written in java. Instead of conventional server&lt;-&gt;client transfer it uses master&lt;-&gt;client for control connections and slave&lt;-&gt;client for (most) data transfers, the master must tell the slave to initiate/respond 
drgnreborn	DragonReborn is a new twist of MMORPG. The game models real social bonds to better immerse the player and features an open but defined objective to win the game.
drhand	A system software for non-profit to handle donation.
drhyde	Various perl modules by David Cantrell
dri	The direct rendering infrastructure (DRI) allows is a means of safely and efficiently accessing graphics hardware while still interacting with the X environment.
driconf	DRIconf is a configuration applet for tuning the performance and quality of many OpenGL drivers for the X Window System. It works with all current and future open and closed source drivers that are aware of the DRI configuration infrastructure.
drider	Ogre is a set of tools to demonstrate security issues in 802.11x wireless protocols.
driftnburn	A fun fun fun racing game with tuned cars
drill-down	Easiest way to build data manipulation interfaces for data stored in relational databases. Just drop the component in you servlet container, provide a relationship mapping file and you have a working interface in no time. For details see our homepage.
drillcreator	Drill Creator is a program that allows for the design of an entire show for marching band (Military, Drum, and Bugle Corps types).
drimg	Program for making image files of attached drives, Flash medias in first place. Writing image files to medias. Image formats: RAW, IMG, HDF. \nExtraction/adding of files from/to medias for diverse systems.
drinkandtrack	Drink&amp;Track is a full-blown application suite which calculates blood alcohol values and presents the drunkenness in various graphics and statistics.
drinkmixer	DrinkMixer is a database for mixed drink recipies written in java with a swing gui.
drinnovations	Eclipse plugin for Tab Alerts. You will see &quot;Tabs, Alert Me!&quot; for files and &quot;Tabs, Folder Files&quot; for folder on right clicking. Preference for #Spaces. It can tell you each line you have tabs,remove,refresh your files.See Readme(zip).T
drip	Drip is a DVD transcoder for Unix. Main target platform is Linux with a Gnome environment. Drip is a full featured application, with support for subtitles, audio and angle selection and complete control of what part of the DVD should be encoded. Plugin f
drishti	A simple CMS implementation for Zope3 based on Philipp von Weitershausen&#039;s example worldcookery code.
drive-rdf	Drive is an RDF parser written in C# for the .NET platform. Its fully compliant with the W3C RDF syntax specification and is available as open source under the terms of the GNU LGPL license.
drive2gether	&lt;&lt;&lt; drive2gether &gt;&gt;&gt; is an Open Source, free of charge, without advertisement on the website and being developed for NoNcommercial, Environmental purposes, Web-Platform based agency for arranged lifts.
drivecity	An open source driving game focusing on large outdoor environments and semi realistic physics, upgradable cars that change in handling and speed, creating a slight RPG element.  Hijacking cars is easy and encouraged, but not by the law enforcement.
drivel	Drivel is a GNOME client for working with online journals, also known as weblogs or blogs. It retains an elegant design while supporting LiveJournal, Blogger, MovableType, Advogato, and Atom journals, as well as derivatives such as WordPress and Drupal.
drivemapper	This is a simple utility to store maps to network drives and allows the user to map or unmap using a single click.
drivemypop	Le projet DriveMyPOP est un executable qui permet d&#039;utiliser l&#039;espace de stockage de votre boite mail pour y sauvegarder vos fichiers personnels. Decoupage de fichier, partage de fichier, groupe d&#039;utilisateur.
driven	We plan to make a system which would read the configuration of a NIC in some language defined by us. The system would them generate the driver code for that NIC. Currently we plan to stick to just one family of NIC(Tulip based cards).
driveplugger	A removable storage manager that safely puts control into the hands of the user. Makes devices such as USB drives, CDROMs, or any other removable media easy to use. The user can assign names to devices, browse, eject and more through a tray icon.
driver462	This project aims to produce a Linux driver and API for the Datel PC-462 Data Acquisition Card/Power Supply. From correspondence with Datel, there is no other Linux driver/API for this board. This software will allow developers and engineers to write ele
driver5dt	A driver for the 5DT datagloves written in pure C++ using only the STL. Meant to be cross-platform, but written on and developed for IRIX sytems.
driverondemand	The Drivers on demand project is a system to provide transparent driver installations in linux, using perl primarily as the client (and bash scripting for hotplugging) , and a perl/xml backend.
driveruni	A mechanism whereby the same driver can be used on FreeBSD / Linux / Windows etc. It is a wrapper chaining a user Mode process. The process is CPU independent. Drivers are more modular and work a driver function performs is generalised and a routine shar
driverupdater	Program to search and update the newest drivers for your system. Also you can edit the settings of your drivers. Need Microsoft .Net Framework! (At the moment DriverUpdater search at google for drivers because there is no useable database.)
driverutils	Driver Utilities provides an advanced interface in which users can configure, manage, and control their driver and hardware systems.  It includes kernel patches and tools for the new Driver Model.
drives	DriveS is a Windows Desktop utility which allows you to open Explorer in the root of each one of your hard drives, removables, cdroms (C:, D:, E: and so on) with a single mouse click. DriveS resides in the tray area of your desktop.
drivesync	DriveSync is a utility aimed to free users from the burdens of manual data backup. DriveSync transfers files from user designated local directories to other local and/or network-connected directories.
drivetweak	DriveTweak is a graphical program equivilant to hdparm which allows you to tweak drive settings. GTK and KDE versions are available.
drivewatch	DriveWatch is a disk usage watch utility for keeping track of your hard drive\\&#039;s disk usage, and pinpointing the areas of concern.
drivewireserver	DriveWire Server is an open source drive block server for the TRS-80 Color Computer family. It uses the DriveWire protocol published at http://www.cloud9tech.com/.
driwizard	Friendly wizard to get working direct rendering on linux. The fast and easy way to 3D accelerated graphics in ten minutes!
drjava	DrJava is a lightweight programming environment for Java designed to foster test-driven software development.  It includes an intelligent program editor, an interactions pane for evaluating program text, a source level debugger, and a unit testing tool.
drjekyll	Dr. Jekyll is an interactive voxel editor for viewing and editing three-dimensional images.  It is specifically aimed at postprocessing of segmented datasets, but offers some functionality for raw data as well.
drkm-lib	Emacs initialization and configuration process.  And a collection of various Emacs Lisp libraries and customization.
drknock	DrKnock is a Dynamic Port Knocking solution based on sig2knock (http://www.security.org.sg/code/portknock1.html). Client and server work on both Unix and Windows.
drlibs	This is a collection o easy code that can help the C/C++ programer
drm	Dream is a software implementation of a Digital Radio Mondiale (DRM) receiver. With Dream, DRM broadcasts can be received with a modified analog receiver (SW, MW, LW) and a PC with a sound card.
drmsecureim	Yet another IM with enchanced security mechanisms.
drmstudios	Project: Ninja World\nGame based on RPG, where the game occurs in local way, and the battles is online.
drod	Deadly Rooms of Death is a puzzle game for Windows.  You control a sword-swinging character that explores dungeons and fights monsters.  The game was previously released as a commercial product, and future improvements should make it even more fun.
drog	DROG for (in french) Developpement recherche opérationnelle et graphe. It&#039;s a tools for operationnal reseach. It&#039;s intends for end user. We use java to developp. And to conclude it&#039;s an university project.
droid	DROID (Digital Record Object Identification) is an automatic file format identification tool. It is the first in a planned series of tools developed by The National Archives under the umbrella of its PRONOM technical registry service.
droid64	droiD64 is a graphical filemanager for D64 files (Commodore 64 and others). May this tool make life easier for Commodore 64 fans, especially for those using MAC and Linux systems as there are tools available for Windows anyway.
droids3	Droids game, written in java and using RMI technology. GMi ;)
drone	Drone is a system for automatically running simulation programs on an arbitrary number of Internet hosts, or on a single computer. It includes a number of features to help with simulation record keeping, archiving, statistical validation, and replication
droned	DroneD implements the server side of the Drone project. See the Drone project page for more information.
droneutil	DroneUtil provides a library of useful functions for the Drone and DroneD projects. See the Drone project page for more information.
dronningmargret	Once upon a time I was told by an old man who came to our village riding a gray horse that the engine in a vacuum cleaner relies on the cold stream of incoming air. Today I believe him. As a kid I threw an orange at him.
drooldotnet	The Drools.NET is a .NET port for Drools, which is a java Rules Engine based on Charles Forgy&#039;s Rete algorithm. Drools.NET enables .NET developers/Users to exploit the powerful Rule Engine like Drools through a completely managed .NET code base.
drools	Dynamic Rule Engine for Java
droolsdre	Web Based Drools business rule set editor.
droolsruleedit	Graphical rule editor for JBoss Rules
drop	Drop is a graphical interface for the GPL project Wets (hosted in SourceForge). Wets is an ETL software.
dropandsend	Desktop tool for distributing files.
dropbit	A set of recursive compression algorithm, some of which compress, some files grow larger
dropbox	Dropbox is a X11 window manager based on Blackbox. C++ is the used programming language and Linux (or other unix systems) is the preferred platform.
dropboxmq	DropboxMQ is an implementation of the Java Message Service API that uses a shared file system to store and distribute messages.  A dropbox is a set of shared directories that relies on atomicity of file move operations to settle contention for messages.
dropflood	dropflood is a artificial intelligence system which on a overview is a network sensor capable of analysing the traffic in any network and to utilize the available time and space of individual end terminals for any grid computation. A self learning system
dropfour	Drop Four is a &quot;Connect Four&quot; clone written in C++. Supports a text interface and a graphical interface through wxWidgets. For Linux, Macintosh, and Windows.
dropline-gnome	Dropline GNOME is a version of the GNOME Desktop that has been tweaked for Slackware Linux systems. It is available in Slackware&#039;s standard .tgz package format and requires Slackware 11.0 or higher.
dropnget	A Cocoa GUI for GNU wget enabling a drag &#039;n drop interface for recursive as well as ordinary downloads.
dropzone	Dropzone.com is an open-source based portal for the global skydiving community.
droti	Droti is an jabber chat robot designed to interact with an end-user to open tickets in the OTRS ticket system, when the end-user has an IM login, but don&#039;t have an e-mail address (like in an corporate environment).
drow	Drow is an ELF linux analyzer coded in C.It is aimed to the low-level programmer. It is a console application which displays ELF file information in an human readable format, providing different options for different parts/aims of the file data.
drowtales	Roleplaying game based on the dark fantasy world of drowtales.com. C# client connecting to a C++, Php and Mysql powered dedicated linux server. Main features are: real-time chat, fully custom avatars, multiple camera view, 3d background with 2d manga cha
drox	DROX is a text-based RPG. It is a practice project for newcomers to programming. We plan on starting out as a single player game and possibly expand into a multiplayer game like a MUD.
drpac	An ASCII Pacman game written in C++.
drpangloss	DrPangloss is a python implementation of a three operator genetic algorithm, complete with a java swing GUI for running the GA and visualising performance, generation by generation
drpython	DrPython is a highly customizable cross-platform ide to aid programming in Python. It was developed with teaching in mind, and has a clean, simple interface. It is written in Python, using wxPython as the gui.
drs	This program hopes to become a viable MS Sharepoint clone.  It is basically a web interface to a document repository (Frontpage Web), but with many other features...It depends on Frontpage for remote authoring, otherwise it is independent.
drscenario	Dr. Scenario teaches health to youth through a series of scenarios.  The player tries to identify health conditions and juggles treatment costs with efficacy.  Explanations are provided in teen-friendly language to promote healthy living.
drt-qos-man	&quot;QoS_Man&quot; is a project for simulating QoS manager in Dynamic Real-Time Systems(DRTS).The QoS manager is just part of proposed architechtural model for resource management in DRTS.For more information, visit &quot;results n papers&quot; dir in c
drta	The man goal of Dr.Ta/MOD project is to create a brand new communication in vehicle. Under multi-network environment, Dr.ta/Mod use SCTP multi-homing feature to process multi-path association. Please read more in our website http://mod.maple.tw
drtr	Digital Reaction Time Ruler is a program that replaces the old style Reaction Time Ruler used in Intro to Science 100 college class labs. It measures people&#039;s reaction time and outputs it in .csv
drtux	32-bit MS Windows (95/98)
druantia	Full resolution, realtime, client-server based 3D Mars simulation.  1:1 scale (in terms of both size and resolution) working model of an entire planet. Server-side global events and client-side local events management. It&#039;s NOT Yet Another MMORPG Ga
druid	Druid is a GUI tool for database build and management. Users can add/change/delete DB objects (tables, fields, etc). Druid generates for you: SQL scripts, docs in XHTML, PDF, DocBook, etc; code in C, C++ &amp; Java Beans even for JDO and support Castor &
druidaframework	Druida is a framework for building web applications faster, Druida does all the CRUD operations on database for you including user interface (!), additionally it does session and user control, pagination, logging, reporting and so on.
druiddns	Druid DNS Comminity Edition is a front end to the popular Power DNS Server which uses databases to store its zone information. This Edition of Druid DNS uses the open sourced ADODB abstraction layer and SMARTY.
druidedb	Druidedb is a simple XML file database API in Java to manage a xml db file system without DB complexity (no server or client, stores only Strings). This API creates both the access DAO sources files and the DB filesystem. Handle auto-increments and PKs.
drumm	Yet another drum machine to generate arbitrary drum sequences.
drummachine	DrumMachine converts MIDI files to WAV files via a Microsoft Access database containing names of WAV and MP3 samples.
drumpiler	Drum machine compiler. You write the drum patterns in textfile with a list of samples (*.WAV files). Feat.subroutine calls, loops, tempo changes, 8 volume levels, 16bit-stereo-44khz mixing. Output to file, OSS, or SDL. Platforms: Linux, Windows.
drumsynth	drumsynth is a non-realtime synthesizer for electronic drum sounds and sound effects, available as closed-source Windows freeware for many years from mda-vst.com it is now open-source to allow ports to other operating systems.
drumtheater	The definitive PC clone of Konami&#039;s &quot;Drummania&quot; series.
drunken-darts	A funny dartgame for mobile phones. You are drunk and try to throw your arrows at the seemingly rotating dart board with the games 501 and cricket against 2 computer opponents to choose from. 5 Levels till victory!\nMake your own contribution!!
drunkengolem	Drunken:Golem Gaming Portal is an Content Management System (CMS) for gaming websites. It is based on several open source software systems (phpBB, Smarty) and allows alot of flexibility for everyone who wants to host a website dedicated to games.
drupal	Drupal is an open source content management platform. Equipped with a powerful blend of features, Drupal can support a variety of websites ranging from personal weblogs to large community-driven websites. Drupal is written in PHP and supports various SQL
drupal-accel	A project designed to streamline and accelerate Drupal (http://drupal.org) by providing a PHP PECL for parts of &quot;core&quot; that maybe a bottleneck.
drupal-ca	Project of drupal translation to catalan
drupal-dict	This is a dict module for Drupal (www.drupal.org versions 4.6.x, 4.7.x) which functions as a dict client. It pulls down definitions and matches from a dictd server and shows them up on Drupal. The interface is similar to the www.dict.org.
drupal-fileman	The filemanager module extends Drupal&#039;s file API to aid development of modules that handle file uploads and downloads.
drupal-modules	A set of modules to use with drupal 4.7.0 or major release (see http://drupal.org). Drupal is a CMS written in PHP that runs in every OS with MySQL or PostgreSQL Database Server.
drupal-netnews	Drupal module for synchronizing a forum and a netnews (NNTP) newsgroup.
drupal-zh	Chinese Translation of Drupal project
drupalthai	To localize drupal CMS into Thai.
drupy1	Drupy, is an Open Source Hosting Control Panel robust, secure.\n- Portable - Run on any Linux system without any configuration changes.\n- Secure \n- Free - Licensed under the GPL.
drvback	Simple tool for backup hardware drivers&#039; files. DriverBackup! preserves drivers of your hardware peripherals from injury of time,saving important files into a specified directory.So you can use these files to reinstall your perip. without CDs or Flo
drvspace-decomp	A plug-in for 7-zip and other compression programs to allow the no-longer supported DRVSpace volumes to be decompressed and, perhaps, repaired by other operating systems.
dry-fm	Dry Form Multitool is yet another information router.  Write to a file, send and email, accept files, ftp files to somewhere, display the submitted info formatted. One script, the only one you need.
dry-pt	DryWare PageTracker is a collaboration and project management system targeted at magazine publishers and daily news papers where layout and printing are done inhouse.  It provides management and live monitoring of issue creation.
dryad	Dryad is a real time log analysis daemon, capable of responding to events as they happen. It is highly configurable, allowing for maximum control over the entire process.
drygerfax	DrygerFax is a HylaFAX client that lets you fax via a networked virtual printer.
dryice	Dry Ice is a hybrid wiki/blog.
dryon	Dryon is an irc bot (previously known as AMXBot) mainly coded for QuakeNet but useable on other IRC networks, it is coded in C/C++ and use a two scripting system called Small (same as AMXMod and AdminMod) very similar to C and Ruby, an object oriented la
drzefko	Software to creating and managing nice-looking genealogic tree.
drzmud	A plugin for DragonRealms players using Zuggsoft zMUD.  This will include scripts for training skills, movement, and many other features.
ds-browser	DS-Browser is an IRC client. DS-Browser is not only just a IRC client but a Free one for the Nintendo DS, hence the &quot;DS&quot; in its name. It will connect through Wi-fi and will be run via DS-Download Play.
ds-crypt	DShaw Encryption is a fairly simple encryption program that generates a unique key for each encryption to send data securely as text or very obfuscated files of the original format. It&#039;s very useful for changing file types and protecting data at onc
ds-mod	ds-mod is a bunch of makefiles and scripts to modify and extend firmwares for AVM&#039;s and hardware alike home routers and internet telephony gateways. It provides a build system as well as a ipkg-based binary distribution. Currently under construction
ds-northstar	This will be one of the first Open Source content management systems based on PHP and MySQL developed for the corporate web environment.  This CMS will be packed with features that will be most useful to businesses and other professional environments.
ds-professional	DecisionStudio Professional is a desktop based BI Platform. It is an advanced and comprehensive environment that is empowering individuals and organization to actualize their highest potential through data-mining, analytics, and Business Intelligence.
ds-router	This program act as a TCPIP server that broadcasts messages received, via RS232, from a DS-300 race counter (from Electronic Racing Products) to any TCPIP client connected to it.
ds3	Ds3 is tool for sharing one dial-up connection in local network. Each user run ds3 client, by which control dial-up line. User may invoke admin defined events on ds3 server. Ds3 have support for on-line counting cost of connection (by libtelecom package)
ds4gp	Little game for gp32, write in C. Using minigp32. In the game, you have a record one. You must generate discs and sell them.
ds4j	DS4J is a directory service/server for managing identity information, acting also as a metadirectory to synchronize different sources like ADS or Lotus Domino. Implemented as a JBoss compatible service it supports directory-protocols like LDAP and SASL.
dsa	An analyzer for dvb signals
dsa-game	This is a small java game, based on an german role-play called dsa (Das Schwarze Auge, in English: the black eye). in this game the user should do some tasks in this fantasy-world.
dsa-hl	Rastullahs Lockenpracht ist ein neuer Versuch des DSA-HL Teams ein Spiel zum Rollenspiel &#039;Das Schwarze Auge&#039; zu kreieren. Dabei entwickeln wir eine 3d FPS-Spielengine auf der Basis von OGRE.
dsa3dscan	Build a 3D surface model out of several digital pictures taken of an object.
dsa3helden	Verwaltung von Helden und Heldengruppen für das Rollenspielsystem DSA3.
dsa4	Der 4. Teil der hoffentlich noch nicht vergessen Nordlandtrilogie.
dsa4gen	A Character generator and editor for the German pen and paper rpg DSA (the dark eye, l`oeil noir in France), in 4th edition rules. All data is stored in XML files, so you need only a text editor to create own races, cultures and professions.
dsaa	Implementation of not-so-fundametal data types and algorithms (especcialy sorting). That&#039;s  the main focus - to provide templates for sorting any types of data and their representation in adequate data types (like stacks, queues, hash tables...etc).
dsaac	AAC DirectShow filter using FAAD1 for Microsoft Windows. This Project enables you to decode AAC Audio with all applications using DirectShow (Windows Media Player, Zoom Player, ...)
dsacc	Destiny Sphere Alliance Control Center - ?????????? ???????? ? ???? ????? ??????, ??????????, ???????. ?????????? ? ??????? ????????.
dsacontrol	dynamic server access control provides: ip blocking and access monitoring, server environment information, server load limit blocking, network diagnostic tools (ping, nmap, dnslookup), search engine optimization, searchbot monitoring and more...
dsacss	This is the low-level and operational software project for the Distributed Spacecraft Attitude Control System Simulator (DSACSS).  Higher-level simulation tools are in the Open-SESSAME project (keyword:  spacecraft).
dsagen	Charakter generator fuer DSA die 4.Edition
dsaim	AOL Instant Message client for the Nintendo DS.
dsales	J2EE based, Standard compliant, system to manage distributed Sales force.
dsaman	DSA Manager is a character generator and manager of heros of the German role playing game DSA (Das Schwarze Auge / The Dark Eye).
dsameister	DSA-Meistersoftware is a Suite for the Game Master of the Pen and Papergame DSA, which includes NPC Generation, Hero Management, Wheather and Journey generator and some more features. It will be a platform-independant web-based programm.
dsanote	In this project, a feature for the Eclipse IDE will be implemented to allow taking notes, especially when playing role plays. You can enter a normal text and include some control sequences into it. This way you can mark keyword and add properties to them
dsapi	DAPI (Data structures and Algorithm Programing Interface) is a programing interface of data structures and algorithms use c language, it supports multiple task
dsar2st	This Program is used to manage heroes of DSA (german fantasy role playing). It uses improved rules, many different types of heroes,generates hero documents and much more
dsaster	A C++-based character management software for The Dark Eye, third edition (note: TDE v3 was only released in German (as &quot;DSA&quot;)). Planned to include an IRC client with game-relevant additions like automated skill checks. This project also houses
dsateclipse	ds@eclipse - An Eclipse plugin for bulding distributed systems. At first, we are supporting Jini applications. But we intend to support technologies like, JXTA and CORBA.
dsatoolbox	DSAToolbox is a collection of tools for users and gamemasters of Das Schwarze Auge  4th Edition, a roleplaying game from Germany, known as The Dark Eye. The software itself is translated in English, German and Dutch.
dsatools	DSATools provides a java-based Character-generator for the Roleplaying Game DSA(Das Schwarze Auge)(www.fanpro.com), which is very popular in Germany.
dsav4-tools	Support tool for Gamemasters using the german Pen-and-Paper Roleplaying System DSA v4.
dsb	Damn Small BSD (DSB) is a very small, 50MB BSD distribution. There are 2 versions, one based on FreeBSD and one on OpenBSD. It boots directly into RAM off a CD ora a USB stick and can be used as a desktop or a firewall.
dsbapp	DSBapp is the biggest, fattest, web administered perl portal in the world. Originally based on WebAPP, it comes complete with forums, articles, links and downloads sections, classifieds, photo gallery, surveys, and much more.
dsbb	Damn-Small-Bulletin-Board (DSBB) is exactly what it is, (A damn small bulletin board.) The bulletin board has been written in PHP, and is coded to work with the latest version of MySQL.
dsbp	Just another stupid home finance program.
dsbudget	SimpleD Budget is a personal financial management / budgeting application. You can keep track of your expenses by allocating your income into &quot;categories&quot; such as Mortgage, Entertainment, and as you spend money you enter it to a category. I18N 
dsc	This tool takes an xml-description of a database and an xml-description of various classes and compiles them to Java (TM) source code.
dscanner	dScanner is a distributed network security scanner. It is based on the work of Nessus and allows scanner nodes to identify vulnerabilities on a subnet. The scanner nodes report to a central management server.
dscd	DSCD is a Linux daemon for the PC-5401 Serial Interface Module for the DSC Power Series security systems.
dschoolsim	2D Driving school simulator. It should be used for realistic car driving. Evrything like in your car. Not only just UP and DOWN arrow. Use Clutch, throttle, brake, etc.
dscmon	A Very basic monitoring daemon for the DSC Alarm system PC5401 serial interface; implements basic logging and output to zone state files (located in /var/tmp/dsc by default).
dscout	Welcome to the eMule statistic project DScout.
dscptrafsim	Traffic simulator generating DSCP marked traffic between two endpoints, to demonstrate DSCP and general QoS concepts.
dscsim	VHF Digital Select Controller GMDSS simulator SRC Funkbetriebszeugnis
dsd-req-process	DSD-REQ PROCESS is a Requirements Engineering process for Distributed Software Development on multi-site organizations. This process will be used for support Distributed Software Teams on requirement engineer discipline. It will be Based on BUP process.
dsdevguild	Dungeon Siege developers unite!  Create and share code, ideas, models, quests for the Dungeon Siege game.  Team with others to create full mods or simple quests based on interests and knowledge.  New weapons, armour, monsters will be added.
dsdp	DSDP implements an interior-point method for semidefinite programming and linear matrix inequalities.  Some of the most popular applications involve model control, structural design, and relaxations of combinatorial and global optimization problems.
dse	An open source dynamic storyline engine. Manages non-playable characters and effects on storyline through interactions in a virtual world.
dsearch	Xerdoc Dsearch is a personal desktop search software based on Java* technology which can help you search and seek quickly your resources in disk.
dsentity	[dsentity - distributed system entity]. An entity modelling and usage approach to support high availability, reliability, scalability and performance over distributed system.
dseprj	DSE, Distributed Search Engine, is highly scalable open source component-based search engine for crawling and searching of the Web.
dserver	Deltup Server - is a script, which on a query creates deltas of the packages from official gentoo repositories.
dsfdb	Ziel ist die Entwicklung des Freien WebFrontEnds für die dsfdb.org-Datenbank. Die in der Datenbank gesammelten Daten sind PublicContent und beziehen sich auf deutsche ScienceFiction/Fantsay und Horror-Literatur. Die verwendete Datenbank ist MySQL.
dsfgc	A self-guiding Flash front-end with a 100% Java-based XML parsing gateway that combines the look and functionality of a streaming game client with a background processing system for handling distributed data packages.
dsfirc	dsfIRC is a small IRC client with some basic functions.
dsflasher	Linux utility to program Dallas DS89C450 microcontrollers using ROM loader
dsfm	School management system: purchase orders, inventory, teacher blogs, schedules, students tracking, key loans management, ...
dsfs	DSFS (Distributed Secure File System) is a server-less, redundant, secure, infinite, non-revocable filesystem.
dsfunddb	This project intends to develop a software which helps to maintain a LARP fund.
dsg	Inactive
dsgadu	dsGadu jest implementacj? w c# protoko?u popularnego w polsce komunikatora Gadu-Gadu. W paczce zawarty jest takze prosty przykladowy komunikator.
dsgametools	A collection of developer tools for game-making on and for the Nintendo DS, including (but not limited to) content uploader, 2D game engine with sound and sprite editor.
dsgen	Dia Show Generator, generates HTML web pages for JPEG pictures
dsgf	DSgf is a complete SGF file editor on the Nintendo DS platform for GO board game players.
dsgravity	This game will be based on the stylus of the Nintendo DS to manage gravity to solve puzzles.
dsgrid	dsGrid is a direct, simple Grid engine that executes commands on one of a number of registered workers on distributed nodes. It&#039;s meant to be used on a cluster with a shared file system, and uses NetWorkSpaces to co-ordinate workers and submissions.
dsh	dsh is a program which runs a single command on multiple computers at the same time.  It was designed as a cluster tool for beowulf-style supercomputers.
dshield	The Distributed Intrusion Detection System.
dshield-ipfw	Take your ipfw based firewall logs and do something useful with them.  Use this program to submit them to dshield.net, the distributed intrusion detection system.
dshieldpy	A Python script that parses and mails ipchains, iptables and snort logfiles into the DSHIELD format for submission to DShield.org
dsi	Design-Side Includes (DSI) is a command-line utility for inserting common sections of HTML code into multiple web pages at design-time. Use DSI to reuse web content while still realizing the operational benefits of deploying static web pages.
dsidtb	The Daisy Software Initiative (DSI) - Digital Talking Book Applications
dsillustrator	DSIllustrator is a light-weight editor for making illustrations of data structures. It is used to make graphics of instances of basic data structure (trees, graphs, lists, stacks, etc) in very short time, to be used in lecture slides and typed homeworks.
dsilvers	PHP script that allows a user to input a url with an image (or another file too) and save it locally on their webspace.
dsl	DSL is a distributed storage leasing service based on JXTA project (http://www.jxta.org). It allows user to replicate/backup and later on retrieve files securely to other peers (on a lease basic). Basic versioning supported.
dsl-br	O Projeto Damn Small Linux Brasil pretende auxiliar e facilitar no manuseio\ndo sistema Damn Small Linux tanto para usuarios já experientes quanto para \nusuarios iniciantes com uma interface simples e instrutiva e compatibilidade\ncom varios idiomas.
dsl-vm	Damn Small Linux Virtual Machine - DSL for VMware
dslack	The dSlack is a new way to manager Slackware Linux. The dSlack will install a new whole boot init scheme, using runit.
dslengine	Metaprogramming: proof of the concept.
dslib	DSLib is a library of C++ classes that makes it possible to implement realtime dynamic systems for RTLinux or RTAI by just using standard C++. As a software library, DSLib can also provide realtime support for existing or future software applications.
dslinux	DSLinux is a Linux port for the Nintendo DS game console.
dslocker	A PHP/SQL based &quot;Source Safe&quot; system that can track files, assign tasks, store communications between client and designer, display password protected &quot;progress&quot; sites, and FTP completed sites and updates to the client&#039;s FTP serve
dslstat	A set of shell scripts to collect and store connection statistics for the DSL-router Fritz!Box Fon WLAN 7050. Included are some MRTG configuration samples and data-source scripts for graphical representation.
dsm	DSM is a persistent and multi-threaded MUD driver developed in Java (1.5). DSM uses XML and Java component style plugins for world building and development.
dsmanager	The DSManager middleware is used for Commerical-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) Simulation Package (CSP) Interoperability based on the IEEE High Level Architecture.
dsmdatalog	A program to capture ALDL diagnostic data from DSM cars (Mitsubi Eclipse, Eagle Talon, Plymouth Laser, and Mitsubishi Galant VR-4) and log the information for later analysis.
dsmmorpg	This project replaces the multiplayer server for the commercial game Dungeon Siege.  It is a standalone server which a modified version of the client Dungeon Siege can connect to in order to play large scale multiplayer games in a persistent setting.
dsmsimulator	DSM Simulator is a set of tools written in Java to help electrical engineers and energy consummers to simulate the savings that the use of a Energy management Control System may bring to them according to their electrical equipment, the consumption profi
dsmsn	dsMSN is a very simple Java based MSN client, including features such as file transfers &amp; display images. dsMSN is a learning curve project helping me develop my Java skills. Great for those who want to learn more about network programming.
dsmt	The Distributed Services Management Toolkit (?DSMT?) provides the tools for easy deployment and operation of an application on multiple PlanetLab nodes.
dsmyth	DirectShow filters that enables playback of MythTV .nuv files on windows.
dsniff	Python sniffing package
dsns	The project aim is to develop D-SNS (Dynamic Social Networking System) that supports knowledge collaboration among developers in SF.net, based on the DynC (Dynamic Community) theory proposed by Yunwen et al.(see papers listed in Docs).
dsntauth	ns-slapd plugin to perform pass-through authentication of LDAP users to NT domain controllers (based on the ntUserDomainID attribute).
dsnviewer	DSN Viewer provides information for a given DSN such as the list of tables and their columns and indexes. It also allows to export this information into an HTML file or SQL definitions.
dsnx	dataspy network x is an advanced ircbot written in OO C++. It is no longer in development and the files on sourceforge are for historical purposes only.
dso	&quot;DSO&quot; is a Digital Signal Oscilloscope. My DSO will be connected via the USB to the PC. All software to operate the DSO is developed within this project.
dsock	Fast socket, alarms programming c++ framework.
dsp	The provision of the full text copy of a specific article, report or book chapter to an end user.
dsp-gatech	This project develops a DSP processor that is optimized for FIR/IIR/DCT operations. The coding is done in VHDL, and is intended to be synthesized by Altera Quartus II.
dsp475-sr830	Controlling/measurement software for Lakeshare DSP Gausmeter (model 475), with possibility of additional use of SRS DSP Lock-In Amplifier (MODEL SR830), for measuring magnetic field against something else.
dsp56800	&quot;Motorola DSP56800 Tool Chain&quot; is intended to create a complete development environment for the embedded digital signal processor family. Including assembler/disassembler, linker, archiver and light C compiler based on GNU binutils and gcc.
dspace	Open Source Digital Asset Management system that enables services for access, provision, stewardship and re-use of digital assets with a focus on educational and research materials
dspack	DSPack is a set of Components and class to write Multimedia Applications using MS Direct Show and DirectX technologies. DSPack 2.3 is designed to work with DirectX 9 on Win9X, ME, 2000, and Windows XP operating systems using Delphi 5,6,7 and BCB6.
dspad-dsmouse	The project support usb ds fire line device, so everyone could use ds console as usb game pad or usb mouse. Maybe you could create another new application which based usb ds fire line and nand flash media device.
dspam-filter	dspam-filter is a filter to invoke the anti-spam tool DSPAM directly from the embedded maildrop in vpopmail via dot-qmail forwarding. DSPAM masquerades as the email server&#039;s LDA.  However most users of Qmail prefer to leave the qmail-queue intact.
dspasswd	DS Password Tools are a pair of command line tools for changing passwords on Mac OS X and Mac OS X Server  (versions 10.2.x) that make use of the Directory Services API. Unlike the included passwd program, these tools are compatible with Password Server.
dspatial	Geospatial analysis and visualization environment for Delphi.
dspavr	dspAVR is an open source project to assist effective digital signal processing design using Atmel&#039;s megaAVR microcontrollers.
dspcypher	dspCypher is based upon Octave and gnuplot, using a soundcard for capture of signals, Octave design of algorithms and soundcard export of processed digital or analog signals to an embedded application development board.
dspf2linux	Implementing an access control framework in Linux kernel which can support multiple security policies, such as fine-granular Discretionary Access Control,Mandatory Access Control,Roles-based Access Control,Domain and Type Enforment,and Security Audit.
dspgateway	DSP Gateway for OMAP 1510, 1610, 1710 and 2420.
dsplaboratory	A Digital Signal Processing Program for educational purposes, written in Java, tested on Windows, should work on Linux too. Plugin architecture for inputs, outputs, filters, analisys.
dsplus	Protect bandwidth from abuse with bandwidth limiters and anti-leech token technology. Simple setup routine, Ready-to-go download display page. Does not use HTTP_REFERER or IP which can easily be spoofed or blocked. Includes a web-based Admin page.
dspro	Datastream Pro is a user friendly, 100% pure java, desktop application designed to interface to multiple RDBMS systems simultaneously.  Easily browse and maintain data in your database, write queries and perform database entity maintenance.
dsproject	A 2D side scrolling game. Take our heroe through a magic, but desolated, world fighting against the hole new goverment. You can choose between a handful of weapons and try diferents combos in a wonderful cenario.
dspsr	DSPSR is an object-oriented digital signal processing library with a variety of algorithms for the reduction of radio pulsar observations. It implements an extensive range of techniques and can read data formats from 16 different instrumental backends.
dsptools	dsptools provides Python wrappers for portaudio, ladspa and libsndfile. Data interchange is type sensitive and uses numarray.
dspwavsave	Windows Media Player plug-in that captures audio data and saves it to a WAV file. Plugin emulates a DSP plug-in, switches to Windows Media Player. On the start of audio playing it asks the user for a file/folder name to save WAV file to.
dsql	SQL Query Tool for MySQL, Oracle, Postgres, MS-SQL, ODBC Drivers and all supported Perl DBI drivers. It was made using Glade and GTK-PERL. Look for GTK-PERL libs before installing this program. Any help would be appreciated.
dsquadron	A C++ library to fascilitate the development of programs to utilize a self-organizing swarm topology, abstracting the process of virtual network maintanence, discovery of new nodes, and synchronization.
dsr	School Assignment in java on database access and modification
dsre	DSRE is a project designed to commoditize Internet radio broadcasting. Using DSRE, anyone with webhosting can access the world of online broadcasting, making the hosting of a radio stream no more difficult or expensive than the hosting of an HTML page.
dsrv	a multi threaded server framework utilizing gnu pth thread lib for, yup u guessed it!... when released will provide a fully configurable multi threaded se
dssctrl	Software to control a Television DSS receiver and continuously adjust/monitor the system clock using data obtained from the DSS receiver.  Software can be used stand-alone to adjust/monitor the system clock or in conjunction with PVR software.
dssdb	This is a database which is intended to simplify the job of providing support to disabled students at a university.
dssi	DSSI is an audio plugin API for software instruments (soft synths) and effects. It is based on the LADSPA plugin API, the ALSA sequencer event types, and OSC (Open Sound Control) communications with custom GUIs.
dssim	Heat transfer simulation program for double skin facade structures. Program is written in ANSI c-language for Linux and Windows operating systems. The GUI uses PHP and Mysql-database.
dssl	A small easy to use scripting language for use in Visual Basic projects, or anything accepting ActiveX DLLs.
dstar	A 1986 classic returns.  Originally written for Sun workstations, dstar is a simple 3-d multiplayer first-person-shooter space wars game that runs over the local network.  Now, it&#039;s been ported to OpenGL/Linux.
dstarserverapps	D-STAR server applications
dstatus	A easy to configure php script that generates an one page summary, displaying the status of several daemons running on a server.
dstm	DSTM is a DivX ;-) subtitle manager. This key features are synchronization, time spreading, spliting and format convertion.
dstn-lcd-driver	This is a hardware project which create LCD matrix driver for DSTN type LCDs. Written using Xilinx WebPack.
dstools	DataScript Tools for formal specification and automatic decoding of binary data formats
dstp	With this PHP template parser you can load in one huge array of information and use it in your template (html document). It&#039;s a bit like the XML / XSL methods but these don&#039;t work very good in PHP so I wrote this replacement.
dstrans	Generates internal (in memory) and external (on disk) forms of binary data structures, and the code to convert between the two.
dstroy	Dstroy is the remake of the old DOS game dstroy, a very good bomberman clone. Adventure mode &amp; fight mode up to 4 players, a good monster IA, funny bonuses...
dstviewer	An admin tool for Netsmart CMHC/MIS system to assist in viewing system definations
dsurvey	dsurvey (Doug&#039;s Impromptu Survey): a CGI-based online survey.
dsv-ad-manager	MMC snap-in to synchronize Active Directory and MySQL databases.
dsvideolib	A DirectShow wrapper supporting concurrent access to framebuffers from multiple threads. Useful for developing applications that require live video input from a variety of capture devices (frame grabbers, IEEE-1394 DV camcorders, USB webcams).
dsvm	Distributed Support Vector Machine
dsxinf	A .NET 2.0 program for windows that helps utilize the DS-Xtreme capabilities.
dsync	dsync is small apllication written in java for directory synchronization with swing GUI.
dsynkant	DSynkant is an emulator of the famous synthesizer Roland D50.
dsystems-cmcb	The Configuration Management Code Block (CMCB) provides a comprehensive and centralized platform designed to overcome the limitations of the configuration management capabilities built into the .NET framework.
dsystems-dmcb	The Configuration Data Code Block (CMDB) provides a comprehensive and centralized platform designed to manage read and write access to various data resources (such as SQL Server, Oracle, Fax Servers, etc.) through the use of standardized plug-ins.
dsywindows	DsY is a continuation of the Y-windows (y-windows.org) project.  The Y-server is written in C and licensed under the GPL -- the client library is written in C++ and licensed under the LGPL.  DsY contains advanced drawing capabilities via cairo library.
dt-source	This is a taglib providing connection between DisplayTag taglib and data sources, allowing to load partial lists from ext. sources like Hibernate and JDBC. Requires Spring framework. Additional features like filter and exporting support are available.
dt3152	Video4Linux driver for DT3152 board from Data Translation (www.datx.com).
dt3155a	Version 1.8 of the Linux DT3155 device driver. Works with kernels 2.2, 2.4 and 2.6.
dt6	Data Transferred - Stats In Xml
dta	The DTA project is a cross-platform effort to implement and extend the AmigaOS datatypes system.
dtacg	&quot;Deadlock&quot; is a artillery combat game for Windows. It&#039;s very similar to Schorched Earth but is built using more modern technology (DirectX9). The last tank alive is the winner.
dtactics	Desert tactics - Turn based strategy
dtaus	PHP-class that creates a DTAUS-file that contains german banking transactions.
dtaus-java	A Java API for creating german banking transaction (DTAUS) records.
dtautotransfer	The project is intended for automatic start of Works and tracking of their states. The list of works: copying of files (locally, on a network, ftp), start stored procedures in MS SQL DataBase.
dtbackup	Based on the original Sync2nas program (sync2NAS.sourceforge.net), DTbackup enables the Windows desktop user to easily create and schedule data replication tasks of selected folders, as well as folder restores, to and from DTNAS server over SSH.
dtc	Data Transfer Calculator is a tiny GUI program to translate between data transfer amount, duration and speed, and convert the values between different units.
dtcltiny	dtcltiny is a small SRCP client using SRCP protocol version 0.8.
dtcontrol	DTControl is a modular and fittable Server Administration Environment. Connected by a database layer a frontend api is usable in severe ways and a backend allows a maximum of modularity.
dtconv	DataTransformationConveir is .NET Framework solution for executing different Data Transformation tasks. It is complex wrapper for XSLT, Regex transformations, FSIO and HTTP operations. Can be usefull for building  web-robots and so on
dtd2cpp	C++ classes are generated from an XML DTD to load and represent data structures from an XML document conforming to the supplied DTD.
dtd2java	[project closed]
dtd2xs	Translate a Document Type Definition (DTD) into a XML Schema (REC-xmlschema-1-20010502). The translator can map meaningful DTD entities onto XML Schema constructs (simpleType, attributeGroup, group), i.e. the XML document model is not anonymized. In addi
dtd2xsd	This project will all for dtd to xml schema conversion, which is the next wave in xml technology.
dtdbb	DtDbb is a lightweight bulletin board system by DtD Software. (Comming Soon!) See dev board at http://dtdbb.sourceforge.net/dtdbb/index.php
dtddoc	DTDDoc allows to document a DTD like with Javadoc. It is both an Ant task and a command line tool. Eventually DTDDoc will be able to check for missing documentation.
dtddoc2	A documentation tool for XML DTDs, along the lines of javadoc for Java code.
dtdparse	DTDParse is a tool for parsing SGML and XML DTDs producing structured documentation or other output forms.
dtdparser	A DTD Parser for Java available under the LGPL license.
dtdprune	Performs external DTD simplification according to previously tagged text. Parameter entities are replaced at every model group and simplified independently.
dtella	A distributed P2P system which emulates a Direct Connect hub, primarily for college campuses and other low-latency LANs.
dtemplate	DTemplate is a template engine written in PHP with functionality similar to FastTemplate. DTemplate allows you to separate your programing logic from your HTML output.
dtemplatelib	The goal of this library is to make ODBC recordsets look just like an STL container. What is more, we do this **portably** so the abstraction can run on multiple platforms and C++ compilers. Our containers use standard STL iterators; and if you insert(),
dtexpert	Translation Expert for Delphi. Extract all strings from Units and Forms. Save strings in a XML file. Separate Edit Tool.
dtf4j	DTF4J is a testing framework enabling the writing and execution of distributed program tests. Being a Java-based framework, all tests must be written in Java, but can be used for testing any console-based distributed program. Integrateable with JUnit.
dtfatec	DT is a content management system for the knowledge registered on the &quot;Disque Tecnologia&quot; - FATEC - S?o Paulo - Brazil
dtframework	Distributed testing framework.  Centralized control via Java, ANT, STAF, Postgres, etc.  Distributed tests on windows, linux, other clients using STAF (and eventually other P2P tools).  Tests are written in Java and are extremely simple to build.
dtg-entlib	This tool generates the TableDataGateway classes and SQL scripts that create stored procedures for the tables in your database. The generated classes use the patterns &amp; practices Enterprise Library.
dtgraph	Builds graphs and stats based on temperature readings stored in MySQL from any temperature measurement interface (even web sources if desired).  Can show closeups of particular intervals and sensors.  Also provides alarm functionality for out-of-spec not
dtholdem	An online multi-player Texas Hold&#039;em Poker game.  Using PHP, Javascript, and MySQL.
dthreads	D-Threads (Dons Theads), has the goal of creating a portable minikernel / operating system for smaller microcontrollers. The operating system handles basic functionality like threads, mutexes, semaphores, etc. The goal is to have at least a couple of dif
dtilib	DTILIB is a collection of C++ classes that enable uniform access to serial lines and sockets using the C++ streams concept. A mechanism for asynchronous I/O over C++ streams is also provided. Furthermore, an STL-like database access mechanism is included
dtime	A real CASE tool. A Source Code generator based on Design-Time specifications to provide fully integrated Manteinance Screens and Reports... all integrated with a Main Menu and a Login dialog.
dtimetracker	A simple, easy to use .Net-based utility for tracking time spent on projects. This utility is basically a gtt clone, so people familiar with gtt will be able to use it on non-Linux platforms that support .Net. Later, as the Mono project progresses, this 
dtls-example	This contains a sample implementation of DTLS-VPN using OpenSSL DTLSv1 Support - to send data over an encrypted channel.
dtm	DTM Controls is library of client-side script controls for formatted input (date, time etc.). Those controls are locale-aware and easy to deploy for ASPX/PHP/JSP applications.
dtmbbs	DTMBBS is a text based buletin board system written in PHP. It is written as a low bandwidth alternative to forum systems such as PHPBB.
dtn	Router and client library code for use in a DTN (&quot;Delay Tolerant Network&quot;)
dtnas	Unix NAS with integrated Disk2Disk Backup, removable, encryptable drives, managed with a web GUI.
dtogen	dtoGen? is a java source generation tool that can ease the development of multi-tier systems by offering a reliable solution to obtain the data transfer objects out of the domain model objects without hand-writting additional code.
dtogenerator	There are other tools on the internet which generate DTOs. But they are limited to generating it by means of a configuration file. The aim of this project is to provide different PRACTICAL data source options such as a JDBC table or a UML Diagram
dtowndeadline	This project will allow users to play the trading card game Deadlands: Doomtown over the internet, and between platforms. 100% pure Java, so completely cross-compatible.
dtpro	This project starts using Delphi on Windows XP system. In future it might be ported to Kylix on linux. The aim of the project is to solve the major problems on the special Turkish characters which are treated differently on some OS&#039;es or on web page
dtrack	dTrack - a system for tracking donations to non-profit organizations. Written in PHP using MySQL database.
dtracker	PHP/MySQL domain name tracking system.  Currently using whois and to check DNS information using a shell script and cron script.  The scripts monitor domain registration information and mail any changes to the user.
dtrag	Dtrag is a distributed IP traffic generator, where traffic nodes are controlled through a central application via CORBA and may generate IP/UDP traffic patterns in a network. The nodes run on Linux and Windows.
dtree	DTree is a tool for analyzing dependencies between resources, which can include hardware, software, and business components.  DTree is extensible, so that data collection, representation, analysis, and reporting can all be customized.
dtreejungle	DTreeJungle provides educational applets to teach the concepts of decision trees for regular pattern recognition.
dtron	Descriptron: A Graph Based Fact Management System for Biomedical Data Integration
dtrules	DTRules is a Decision Table based Rules Engine. Decision tables provide an efficient, easy way for expressing complex policy. DTRules provides fast, repeatable, efficient, and deterministic mechanism for policy and rule execution.
dts	This is an extension of the Alexandria system or Sourceforge system.Which allows people to develop freely in an open source like manner. After deploying sourceforge at work, we found some minor things laking. IE : extra permission / samba intergration an
dtsms	Delphi component for send and receive of SMS (Short Message Service) about the ISDN-CAPI interface. The component implements the TAP- and the UCP-protocol.
dtsource	This is the source code from the Half-Life mod Dark Truths. The project has died, and will not be continued, but there is quite a bit of info and code in there. This page will not be updated; For news, support, etc., go to http://dtsource.sourceforge.net
dtsswm	A simple content management system for websites using ASP and Access-databases. All the administration of the website?s content can be done directly thru a webpage.
dttd	Decision Table Tool
dttsp	DttSP is the software part of a Software Defined Radio. It contains a general-purpose DSP core for receive and transmit, and much additional code to provide a full application. The initial hardware platform is the FlexRadio SDR-1000.
dtup	Freedom while surfing, as in &quot;freedom of speech&quot; [TODO: change]
dtv	DTV is a multi-function data storage system for PalmOS which manages data in hierarchical trees similar to UNIX file systems.  DTV will support a variety of datatypes for its files, making it a viable common archive format on PalmOS. (Status - unstable)
dtw	DTW is intended to be a Voice in -&gt; Pictures + Text out program written in java using Sphinx from CMU. This is intended to be useful to people who have good oral/visual literacy skills but poor written literacy skills.
dtx	A Database Framework for MFC programmer. Very easy to use. Read/Write Blob, DBEdit, DBMasked Edit, DBNavigator, DBRichEdit, DBGrid, DBDateEdit,... ETC. Not designed only MS Access Databases(Use both DAO and ADO). Future Planned interface for other databa
du-opfer	&#039;du opfer&#039; is a small expansion for mirc which adds a funny text to the things a user says.
dualdvdrb	Tools for DVD-RB. DualDVDRB: Use two encoding processes in the free version DVD-RB; EndEst: Estimates when encoding finishes
dualfs	DualFS is a next-generation journaling file system which separates data and meta-data on different devices (usually, two partitions on the same disk or different disks), and manages them separately.
duallux	Similar to LMMS, Dual Lux is intended to be an open source alternative to commercial software studios such as Steinberg&#039;s Cubase
dualops	DualOPS is Dual Operating System software that allows Linux apps to run seamlessly within a Windows window manager.  It combines portions of Xwin.exe, Colinux, Cygwin, and TAP to achieve this.  It is an extremely easy, single CD automated installation.
duam	A PHP framework to create highly and easily customizable interfaces for form driven applications.
duap	DUAP is a server-side system for managing DAISY (Digital Talking Books) files. It is based on Java.
duapi	DUAPI (distributed unified api) is a class library that makes way of creating distributed applications easier. Part of Cyblink project.
duas	The Domain User Administration System (DUAS) provides a convenient way for system administrators to efficiently manage users and groups on many machines.
dub	dub manages databasemodifications (schema-evolution) during the development process/maintenance. It centralizes the changes, in order to execute them to the target database, and will keep an overview of all exising changes (new, current and past).
dubainomad	Python Aggregator for information we are fond of.
dubdub	A Weight Watchers (TM) Points (TM) tracker.  Tracks daily Points (TM) and Flex Points (TM).
dubengine	DUBE is an OpenGL based engine for flexible online multiplayer Role-Playing. I envision MUD style gameplay, but with a visual 3D experience, instead of the classical text-based MUD.
dubious	Dubious is a c# .NET application which will convert the del.icio.us export output to either an XML format or, better yet, an import SQL script for the sa.bros.us system (see the sf.net project sabrosus).
dubman	DubMan is a powerful, easy to use script generator for the video processing tool VirtualDub. DubMan giving users much more flexibility in encoding options, file control, and job ordering in an easy to use fashion.
dubmill	DUBMILL ( Database Markup Language) is an XML application for describing database schemas. Database objects (table, views etc) are described in DBMS independent format, from which DBMS specific DDL can be derived.
duc-ignition	Ziel dieses Projektes ist die Entwicklung einer digitalen Z?ndanlage f?r Ducati-Motorr?der. Kernst?ck der Elektronik ist ein AVR-RISC-Mikrocontroller von Atmel. Es ist m?glich, verschiedene Z?ndkurven einzustellen und neu zu programmieren.
duck	DUCK, or Dynamic Ultra Character Kreator, is the ultimate Shadowbane character design tool DUCK allows the precise prediction of character attributes to be calculated out of game without the great investement of time advancing a character in game.
duckduck	Duck duck is a quick application launcher for Gnome
duckmaze	A maze game with a duck in it, what can move walls, like.
duckquiz	Duck is a web-based system for practice testing and formative assessment. Instructors can create multiple-choice, short answer, and extended response questions. Unique feedback can be provided for up to 10 potential student responses.
duckstein	The Kharthick Review And Posting System (codename: Duckstein) will be a fully-featured, cutting-edge product review management system, built with proven web technologies including Spring, Tapestry, and Hibernate.
ducktail	A small library that enables interface based duck typing for Java. Based on java.lang.reflect.Proxy
ducky	Ducky is the web application framework with many possibilities. Current status is a planning. For further information see the project homepage. This project will have more description when production process will be alive.
dudelsack	Dudelsack is a web-based frontend for your music collection. It allows you to easily browse and search for tracks, artists, albums and genres. Dudelsack needs xamp (Linux/Windows, Apache, MySQL, PHP) and completely tagged music files.
dudesadventures	DudesAdventures is a Quake-based 2D sidescroller with 3D graphics and realistic gameplay.
dudusdl	A clone of the Puzzle Bubble game, with single-player and two-players modes.
duecalender	Hi,Ary you or your wife pregnant? This is a Google desktop sidebar plugin for you to show the calender of your pregnancy
duel	Disk Usage and Entropy Limiter (DUEL) was written in response to a need to fix performance issues on the Colorado School of Mines NT Server lab and is used to clean user profiles in the Windows NT lab.
duel3	This incarnation of the Duel series features eight different playable ships each with unique super weapons, and distinct attributes. Game modes include Classic Duel, Missile Avoid and Asteroids all in 1 and 2 player modes.
dueled20	This game is a Mac OS X/Cocoa/Java game which allows two players to build parties - and then &quot;duel&quot; it out. Parties/characters are defined by XML files - the result of the duel is dependent on abilities/tactics/strategies.
duf	A simple utility to keep track of your Dataone (India) broadband usage.
dufchat	DufChat is a JAVA based chat client/server program with a Swing frontend.  It is a client/server package designed to enable users on all platforms and webclients to intercommunicate with each other in a user-customizable enviroment.
duff	Duff is a Unix command-line utility for quickly finding duplicates in a given set of files. Duff is written in C and should build and run on most modern Unices.
duff-gtk	See the disk usage of your folders and files to help you clean up your drive
duffer	Forget the world of Pro Golf, with Duffer! you are just not even in the same league! Welcome to the world of amateur golfing where nothing works quite like you had hoped. Game modes like Beer Round, Alien Invasion, Business Deal, and with secret levels..
dufsys	The goal of the project is to develop a translucent filesystem which uses FUSE.
dugi-gg	Source code to the Dugi game at GameGardens.com http://www.gamegardens.com/gardens/view_game.wm?gameid=7
duh	Email client, most work done in Lua, SQLite message storage, lua plugins, can use OpenSSL and iconv, but not required. Delphi GUI. Idea is to stripe GUI code down to minimum, making it portable to any platform were Lua, Sqlite and C compiler exist.
duidotnet	multi-device distributed user interface
duine	The Duine Toolkit allows one to develop prediction engines for recommender systems. It contains a set of prediction techniques, a way to combine these techniques and a profile manager. Own prediction techniques can also be added to the toolkit.
dujo	DUJO (open-source software and design).
duke	Duke Web Server is small Java HTTP 1.1 web server. It contains own servlet engine with full operability.
duke-bot	Duke is an IRC-bot framework based on PircBot library. It provides extensible IRC messages handling bus, made of modules integrated by Spring IoC container.
duke-clone	Duke Nukem clone for submission to the Retro Remakes 2006 Competition
dukebot	DukeBot is a small but powerfull learning/teaching GUI-comp for pubils and students to learn &quot;How to code&quot;. It?s a gameing-style Java-Component for training every kind of programmingproblem.  The Bot knows different orders and sensors.
dukejukebox	Jukebox for playing mp3 files in Java.
dukelegacy	A port of Duke Nukem 3D to modern platforms and technology.
dukepdf	DukePDF est une application permettant de convertir aisément les fichiers Latex en incluant automatiquement la table des matières, la bibliographie, l&#039;index et les images.
dukes	The Dukes software allows you to build a simple community-based Web site containing descriptions and contact information for local organizations.  Dukes is useful for organizations that do not have their own Web pages but still need an online presence.
dukesetup	Duke Nukem 3D setup and launcher utility
duki	Duki is a html-based wiki system. A small but effective set of php scripts and a mysql database make the server part. HTMLArea, a javascript suite that allows online wysiwyg editing, provides the &#039;thin&#039; client backend.
duknetframework	We are developing a C# .NET software framework to provide a foundation for consistent, efficient solutions by encapsulating standards and best practices.  The purpose is to apply the developed architecture models to software development and maintenance.
dulce	Howard languages are intended to be domain specific. Users may write autonomous contributions to strongly typed, polymorphic languages, compose a new language, or use one already implemented. Interpreters are built with our tool: dulce.
duleba-cenzurki	Jest to program przeznaczony do wype?niania ?wiadectw szkolnych. W pierwszym wydaniu nadaje si? tylko do wype?niania ?wiadectw zgodnych z MENiS-I/1/2 (dla klas 1-3 szkó? podstawowych). Planujemy rozbudow? programu o nast?pne druki.
duliga	Duliga is a PHP written MySQL based multi player online / web game played by Browser. It reverts to real soccer / football results. Users set up a team of real players that competes in a league and various cups aginst other users teams. See Screenshots !
dumanliyol	DuMaNLiYoL - yOesOef
dumas	DµMaS is a Document Micro-Management System. It is a document repository which understands documents internally, their structure and interdependencies so it can provide much better tools and process for their management.
dumasframework	The Dumas PHP/MySQL/XML Framework is a set of PHP code which allows rapid development of data-based web sites using PHP, MySQL, and XML.
dumb	Cross-platform. Very smooth sound. Works with or without Allegro. Current releases play IT/XM/S3M/MOD. In the future: create DUHs. Main advantage over IT: design your own filters, synthesis and more! Click &#039;Home Page&#039; above for details.
dumbmessenger	DumbMessenger is an instant messenger client can be connected with MSN Messenger host. It supports every basic features include file transfer. It is more object-oriented and compact than Gaim, so you can easily understand and improve it\\&#039;s source co
dumbo	A dictd (RFC 2229) client that aims to provide quick word queries to existing dictd servers on the internet. The dictd databases include words related to the elements, computer jargon regular english words, etc.
dumbocms	A Content Management System intended to facilitate the creation of bespoke websites. Although the focus is on easy creation and editing of page content rather than portal-like features, the system can very easily be extended by embedding PHP functions.
dumbster	The goal of this project is to develop a very simple SMTP server that responds to SMTP requests and makes received messages available for query at a later time. All useful features for a SMTP server that can be used in an automated testing suite.
dumbtools	dumbtools is a set of small, simple scripts to provide a Windows environment with a (somewhat) richier set of tools, allowing a more *nix-like user-experience without going all the way with more robust solutions like Cygwin or MinGW.
duml	Document Update Markup Language implementation including duml loader and duml interpreter.  Allows updates of the DOM tree via server markup.
dummynetinit	This script is meant to simplify setup and management of relatively simple DUMMYNET traffic shaping on freeBSD. Serve primarily to translate user wishes to use ipfw commands, their interface is rather austere, intolerant and requires quite a lot of typin
dummyprojforlan	This is a project which is used for testing out the concepts.
dummyservice	Create a dummy service (currently only TCP and UDP are supported) that simply accepts connections.  This is a good utility for testing your firewall rules.
dump-split	This project takes a MySql (currently) dump file and converts the data and structure from each table into a separate file. The files are then compressed and tar archived.
dump3	DuMP3 is a duplicate and similar file finder. It finds exact duplicate binaries by hash, similar text files by substring content, images (JPG, BMP, GIF, PNG, etc) by color and audio files (MP3, WAV, OGG, etc) by wave data. Future: fonts, video.
dumpacl	this is a set of tools to dump and restore ACLs on different filesystems/OS. Currently the only fully implemented feature is the dump/restore of Windows ACLs via CIFS -- Tru64 and Linux are next on the TODO-list.
dumphosts	DumpHosts is a backup script which can be used to take full and incremental backups of local and remote hosts (through NFS).Incremental backup is taken on daily basis and a detailed log is maintained for ease of restoration.
dumpmpeg	dumpmpeg is a simple program that allows you to dump frames from mpeg movies. Future features might include dumping of the audio as well. dumpmpeg uses Loki&#039;s SMPEG library (and therefore also depends on SDL).
dumpnet	dumpnet is a collection of bash scripts that allows you to backup multiple servers simultaneously. You can do incremental file system dumps with tar, dump and rsync, backup databases and much more. AIDE can also easily be integrated.
dumpr	Dumpr is a PHP function to Dump any type of data with syntax highlighting, indenting and variable type information.  For more information, visit the Project Home Page.
dumpster	Dumpster is a file dumper/decoder written in C++/Qt.  The application displays the contents of a file in a Hex/ASCII window, as well as a tree view window.  The format of the tree-view is defined by user-editable XML-based decoder scripts.
dumptorrent	DumpTorrent displays BitTorrent .torrent file information, including size, file names, announce[-list], comment, publisher, info_hash and scrape info. It&#039;s non-interactive, light-weight. However, both graphical and text interface are provided.
dumwiki	A wiki based on UseMod Wiki, incorporating JavaScript and DHTML to allow a more direct and intuitive editing of pages. A user-friendly syntax-free linking system is also planned.
dumx	This program will recursively process all files and directories given as arguments and output the largest items, where directory sizes are computed by summing content sizes.
dunbot	dunbot is a simple IRC bot. For easier control your channel. It have normal commands like !op and more. Dunbot have funny commands so you don&#039;t think dunbot is boring you can send out funny message to others with dunbot. Dunbot is only in alpha stag
dune	dune - a simple, cross-platform 3D modelling and animation tool.
dune2006	The Dune 2006 is a clone of Dune. It is a small real time strategy game.
duneengarde	Dune Engarde - utility to automate the processing of turns and character sheet generation for Dune Engarde. Hopefully, the majority will be generic enough to build a tool for any Enagrde game.
dunelegacy	Updated clone of Westood Studios&#039; Dune2 which uses data files from the game. New features include multiple unit selection/control, high resolution support, multiplayer gaming via tcp/ip, improved gui. (PS: This project is no longer dead:)
dunememories	We are students in University of Miskolc from Hungary. Our job is making a real time strategy game for our Software Engineering classes. Our points: makeing an old school type Dune strategy game in 2D graphical interface and in a modern environment.
dunesofdeath	Dunes of Death is a multiplayer game based on DirectX, written in C#. You drive around on desert islands in heavily armed buggys, trying to kill your opponents and aid your teammates.
dunfordsoft	The main function of this project is to develop the ImageGallery Website Builder. Current resources are focused on code structure cleanup prior to the 1.0 release, with a small number of new features in the pipeline.
dungeondigger	Dungeon Digger is a 3D RTS game based on Dungeon Keeper.
dungeonlab	DungeonLab is a dungeon exploration game written in Java. It somewhat resembles MUDs and roguelike games, and in future, it will have a GUI interface and multi-player support.
dungeonmaker	DungeonMaker is a program/library that uses artificial life methods to &quot;grow&quot; dungeons for use in isometric games.
dungeonmapper	A Java program to aid in generating quality maps for Role-Playing Games.
dungeonmaze	This game is a clone of the arcade game &quot;1942&quot;, though, in the first release it won&#039;t be a true clone of that great game.
dungeonquest	A Quick little VB.Net based game.  A dungeon grinder inspired by net-hack.
dungeonrealm	dungeonREALM is a set of tools designed for d&amp;d 3e dungeon masters. it features the almost best treasure generator on web. an encounter generator is underway and a dungeon mastering tool, too.
dungeonyards	Dungeon Yards is roguelike game whit cool easily modified ASCII graphics. Not like some other roguelikes, this game isn&#039;t just killing. In Dungeon Yards your mission is to explore and solve puzzles in our own fantasy/scifi world.
dungweed	This is a totally useless tool, that implements best practises in the .NET Framework. It is open for all developers that want to contribute in finding the best ways to do differnt things in .net. It is not what it does that matters, it is HOW that is the
dunham	A suite of software aimed at simplifying network administration for a number of UNIX and/or UNIX-like operating system based hosts.
dunit	DUnit automates unit testing of Delphi code. The target audience for DUnit is developers who are both writing the code to be tested and the unit tests for that code, an approach advocated by Extreme Programming. Dunit is is a Delphi port of JUnit.
duniya-system	Duniya System is a Tierra-liked system. It provides VM to make the digital lives(programs) run. Duniya System also includes an assembler, and a GUI front-end for the VM.
duno	DUNO is the multiplayer implementation of the popular card game UNO. DUNO is written in Java, communications are based on Java RMI. It&#039;s fully decentralized (no server needed to coordinate the game). It aims at being fault tolerant against peers&#03
duns	The DUNS (Diagonalized Upwind Navier-Stokes)code is a 2D/3D, structured, multi-block, multi-species,reacting, steady/unsteady, Navier Stokes fluid dynamics code with q-omega turbulence model. It currently uses a diagonalized ADI procedure with upwind dif
dunsiokclone	This is an attempt at creating a clone of &quot;The Island of Kesmai&quot; from scratch, using memory and input from previous players of the online game during the 80&#039;s and 90&#039;s. The original game is not available online anymore, much to the di
duo	Duo is a crazy eight / UNO card game. It&#039;s an easy and nice to play game written in Python. You can play against 1, 2 or 3 computer players. It&#039;s available in a lot of languages.
duo-wrapper	Easy to use Java wrapper for OpenOffice.org UNO remote control facility. It may also serve as a repository of examples how to control OpenOffice.org remotely using Java.  NOTE:  this project is being actively developed -- check CVS repository.
duoshare	DuoShare Address Quality Infrastructure - Address Quality components necessary for validating mailing addresses with the USPS and to quality mailers for Automation Discount Rates. CASS, DPV, eLOT, Z4Change, NCOALink, LACSLink, RDI, PAVE, etc.
dup	DUP is a web-based application giving users the possibility of planning meetings in a quite comfortable way including the founding of groups for special interests and having calendars to overview the appointments of the group members.
dup-locator	The program (both CLI and GUI versions) will search the locations, specified by user, for duplicated files.
dupefilefinder	(Production/Stable) High performance multithreaded enterprise solution. Generates 64 bit file CRC snapshots. Uses SQL database for advanced analysis. Suitable for finding duplicate, modified, added, and deleted files across multiple computers and disks.
dupemusicmatch	Python script to quickly find duplicate mp3 and ogg files based on letter matching.  Helpful to weed out duplicates that may not be the same encoding or format or even same filename.
dupfinder	Tool to check for duplicate files in a classpath.
dupid	This project is to design a duplicate image detection engine to be used as an module in the coming Gallery 2 release. This module can detect duplicated images in the database and make them link to only one copy to save storage space.
dupimages	This tool searches duplicate images, by creating thumbnails.
dupin	Dupin Recovery of Architecture: extract information of an implemented\nsystem and generates an architectural representation.
duplexpr	Duplex (two-sided) printing emulation utility scripts for printers that do not support duplex in hardware.  Print multiple jobs in batches, reinserting the pages only once.  Duplex print from applications and scripts.  Save time, paper, space, and trees.
duplica	A web based/stand alone application supporting multiuser,role based,IP based security to identify data from multiple DB servers. Depending on user requirement data can be manipulated and represented in excel/pdf/XML.
duplicates	The Music Collection Manager does NOT identify music by its tag- or filename. It LISTENS to the music! Get easily rid of your duplicates in your collection.
duplifinder	dupliFinder is a app that searches your computer for duplicate files by compairing the MD5 sum of each file. You then have the option of deleting any duplicate files found. Great for collections of MP3s, images etc.. Runs on Windows &amp; Linux with Java
duplo	Duplicated source code can harm maintainability of software systems. Duplo is a tool to find duplicated code blocks in large C, C++, Java, C# and VB.Net systems.
dupman	A framework for tools for code clone (i.e. duplicated code) detection and removal for Eclipse Platform. It provides tight integration into Eclipse, enabling incremental adaptation of clone data and enables use of various clone detection algorithms.
dupmerge	The project is a continuation of the old dupmerge program. dupmerge searches for files (of size &gt;0) with equal content and if it finds such files, they get hard linked for saving disk space. It also has a sparse mode, a deletion mode and an inverse mo
dupurge	Python scripts used for litigation support purposes
duqu	DUQU is a system, which allows you to store a width range of Documents and index them.
dur	This project is an C++ implemention of Undo and Redo framework which enable all implement their private Undo and Redo capability in C++ programs easily!
dura4ok	Online Flash and http server (Java,PHP langs) based game. This is the simple multiply user card game - &quot;Full&quot;
durand3d	An easy-to-use and powerful 3D Rendering engine based on the OpenGL API
durangoo	Durangoo é um software para gestão financeira pessoal e/ou familiar.
durantiamp	DurantiaMP is a media player based on the Microsoft DirectX technology. Features such as AVI recompression and Video Capture capabilities are in the pipeline.
durdoomed	DurDoomed is a FPS made with the jMonkeyEngine (3D engine written in Java). This FPS will be a lab for testing and optimizing, if possible, the jMonkeyEngine
durex	Durex is a file explorer developped in Java SWT.
durham	A file metadata framework for Eclipse plugins and Eclipse Rich Client Platform (RCP) applications. Includes metadata support for ID3, MPEG, Ogg Vorbis and others. Also includes two proof of concept applications: AudioMan and Quick Editor.
durian	DURIAN is a Free Delphi Web Application Server for make interactive dynamic web documents in the Pascal server-side html-embedded scripting language for Windows (Delphi) and Linux (Kylix).
durito	Durito: a free (as in speech) application that will manage, display and analyse various kinds of documents in a diversity of environments. Central to Durito&#039;s operation will be technologies such as XML and RDF, both cornerstones of the W3C&#039;s Se
duro	A relational database library, based on the principles laid down in the book &quot;Foundation for Future Database Systems: The Third Manifesto&quot; by C. J. Date and Hugh Darwen.
duroty	Duroty System is the open source Gmail. Duroty is a service of personal feeds, email management, link management and briefly it will also include electronic calendar and server file indexation. Duroty is addressed to SMEs.
durrani	It rotates banner as if it is a GIF image... and on clicking any particular image, it redirects to the URL specified by admin.  Also admin can get the number of hits on each image.
durstige-seelen	Application for beverage ordering
dusa	C++ class library for event based IO.
duskmelody	Dusk Melody is a 2D adventure game, like Metroid 3, programmed in OpenGL, and with multiplayer option. The aim is to begin our small comunity of game programmers here in Bucaramanga, Colombia.
duskrpg	Dusk is a multiplayer game engine, written in java. Gameplay is similar to text MUDS, but completely redesigned to fit in a graphical game world.
dusort	A MacOSX cocoa application that aims to be a gui version of the unix command du-kx|sort -n or a variant of it.  dusort stands for Disk Usage Sort.  It aims to be somewhat similar to the win32 freeware utility TreeSize.  Better yet, the win32 freeware pro
dust	DUST (DocUment STorage) is a platform independent, graphical interface for scanning and storing documents.
dusta	Offline Toolbox für das Onlinegame &#039;Die Stämme&#039; (www.die-staemme.de)
dustbowl	Your clan isn&#039;t organized? You are searching for something that&#039;s more than a simple bulletin board? Check out Dustbowl, you won&#039;t improve your teamplay, but you will be organized like a well run professional e-sports team!
dustnet	Dustnet will be a &quot;clusterizable&quot; linux distro. Based on LFS/debian will be designed to run on obsolete machines/xbox to run hosting services like web,mail,dns,ftp.. distributing computation over serveral machines with a distribuited fs and cus
dustyscript	Create and maintain a &quot;scripting&quot; language (and interpeter for it) geared toward an 8 or 9 year old child.  Balance the need for advanced features (young minds develop swiftly) with the KISS principle..  Eventually, keywords will be multi-lingu
dutch-phpbb	This is the dutch language pack for phpbb plus 1.3. I know that a lot of people was looking for this dutch language pack en now you can download it here.
dutchcms	DutchCMS is an open-source cms, it works with PHP5, MySQL and TemplatePower template parser, it is a simple cms, for a simple website.
dutchpad	This project provides a (virtual) keypad for secure entering of pincodes and passwords.
dutchpipe	Make AJAX/PHP avatar worlds on websites. Build visualized, real multi-user communities, fora and chat rooms. See your buddies wander around. From card games to virtual RPG worlds, DutchPIPE makes it possible. The future: interconnected DutchPIPE sites.
dutchroll	The Dutchroll project provides Open Source applications for Matlab and Simulink, with the emphasis on aerospace engineering. The main application is the Flight Dynamics and Control toolbox; other applications will be derived from that toolbox.
dutnux	A mini -- WCCP enabled using Transparent Proxying with Squid -- Linux distribution intended to cooperate with Cisco router.
dutytogod	Duty to God Manager is a Windows application to manage progress on the LDS Duty to God Awards. It is fully distributable for any Windows computer with the .NET framework installed.
dv1394d	DV/1394 Server is a GNU/Linux IEEE 1394/DV TCP server daemon and client library that supports multiple, simultaneous transmissions.
dv2jpg	dv2jpg converts an &quot;avi dv2&quot; format video stream into an &quot;mjpeg-encoded&quot; video stream, for later converion into a mpeg/video cd.
dv2stream	Making digital video a reality on Alpha Linux systems.  Our initial goal is to enable capture from a DV camcorder over IEEE 1394, conversion to streaming video, and serving to remote clients on Alpha Linux workstations.
dv2sub	Tool and script collection that aims to convert dv video files to other formats (dvd, xvid, etc) without loosing the date and time of recording information. New tools and scripts to interact with existings apps (kino, dvdauthor, ffmpeg, etc.)
dvapodcast	Web based communication and adminstration plateform for different content like documents, speech, video.
dvarchive	This project has MOVED to a NEW home at http://www.dvarchive.org.
dvassist	A Win 9x/NT/2k tray utility that toggles between QWERTY and Dvorak layouts. Also includes stay on top layout display. Great for training and shared machines.
dvb-rec	A small command line utility to record a tv program of a Hauppauge Nova Card
dvb-ws-linux	This is a port of the popular DVB Web Scheduler for Linux. It is a Web server written in Java that allows you to set up scheduled recording of DVB transmissions. Requires ZapDVB for recording.
dvb2000	Si tratta di un nuovo progetto legato al popolare firmware DVB2000 del dr.Overflow ormai abbandonato da anni
dvb2ip	Program for streaming DVB to MPEG-PS or MPEG-TS IP streams
dvbackup	A small utility for creating backups on DV tapes.
dvbaudio	Plays audio streams from DVB TV or Radio stations. Designed as a helper application for SlimServer.
dvbcc	dvbcc is a Python class library for generating DVB DSM-CC object carousels mainly used for MHP.
dvbcentral	A set of java libraries and applications to capture and save and distribute a DVB stream on a Linux box with a DVB-T card.
dvbcut	dvbcut is a Qt application that enables you to select frame-precise parts of an mpeg transport stream (as received from Digial Video Broadcasting) and save them as independent mpeg files.
dvbd	dvbd is a daemon to manage your DVB cards. It supports scheduling, multiple simultaneous connections and priorities.
dvbdecoder	Ever wanted to investigate the inner workings of a Digital Video Broadcast (DVB) stream?  This programme allows you to analyse the tables and packets within a DVB Transport Stream either from a recorded file or live (dependant on hardware).
dvbfido	DVB-T recorder, schedulder and file transmission system for remote recording. Perfect to record DVB-T content on a remote computer
dvbgrab	DVBgrab is a web-based application allowing registered users to request any tv show to record. When it&#039;s done download link is sent to user&#039;s e-mail. Tv schedule is from XMLTV, tv stream is saved with dumprtp and encoding is provided with menco
dvbhsuit	dvbhsuit - is a set of utilities and libraries to compose DVB-H data stream, debug, dump or view digital stream details. This project allows you to compose IP, MPE, TS packet. Compose PSI and SI information fro exploring DVB-H network.
dvbparser	DVB Transport stream parser and editor which also has MPEG-2 playback capability.
dvbpic	Dvbpic is an image converter, encoder and viewer for dvb-cards; you can use it to watch pictures, like those taken with your digital camera, on your tv-set through a DVB-card supported by the linux dvb driver.
dvbrecorder	A simple dvb recorder in format ts (Transport Stream)
dvbsnoop	dvbsnoop - DVB analyzer / MPEG analyzer program to monitor, analyze, debug, dump or view dvb/mpeg/dsm-cc/mhp stream information (TS, PES, SECTION) (e.g. digital television) send via satellite, cable or terrestrial.
dvbstreamer	DVBStreamer is an console based application to stream DVB service(s) over UDP or to a file. It is more that just an app to stream AV though and feature a simple plugin architechure to allow more features to be added.
dvbt-player	A light-weight and easy to use terrestrial digital TV (DVB-t) player for Linux.
dvbtools	A set of command-line tools for DVB cards such as the Hauppauge DVB-S and Nova-t.  Includes RTP multicast streaming server.
dvbzap	Control settings of a DVB device in Linux. The library approach allows to build commandline tools, channel lists, desktop applets, recording tools on a common base.
dvc	Distributed Virtualized Cluster
dvd	DVD for Linux
dvd-audio	A set of tools for authoring and playback of unencrypted and uncompressed DVD-Audio disks.
dvd-baker	DVD Baker is an application designed to create a DVD slideshow with menus and effects, from either a gallery2 web gallery or hierarchical directory tree of images. Extra features include random autoplay, high quality transition effects, and audio support
dvd-blender	A DVD player which applies user-created &#039;diff&#039; files to legally acquired movies as they are being played, allowing the creation of legal &#039;fan edits&#039; without any violation of copyright or other claimed IP rights of the original author 
dvd-create	DVD-Create a DVD Video creation (authoring) and editing software solution for Linux.
dvd-hive	DVD authoring for Windows. Features include DVD titles menu selectable by number, custom splash screen, custom short intro video, gallery slideshow, chapters per title/interval, and custom backgrounds. Coded in Delphi 4.
dvd-homevideo	dvd-homevideo is a project that I developed because take quite a bit of home video and I was looking for a simple, quick way to transform the video on my dv camcorder into a fully functional DVD including a menu with optional background image and music.
dvd-manager	The project is a PHP/MySQL based CMS specifically for managing DVD libraries.  As people accumulate large numbers of DVD&#039;s they need some method of management.  This project provides that function.  The project will have Linux/Windows/BSD support.
dvd-patcher	ESS DVD Chip set (MIPS-X) Patcher program. A general purpose hacking util to view and alter MIPS source code (apply patches), images, backgrounds, and dissassembly of the firmware loader information.
dvd-register	DVD-Rents is an application which permits to manage your DVD rents.
dvd-slideshow	dvd-slideshow makes a DVD slideshow video with menus from a text file listing of pictures, effects, and audio tracks. You can add some nice effects like fades, crops, scrolls, or Ken Burns effects.  It will hopefully become a command-line clone of imovie
dvd-swarm	Windows GUI tool for bulk converting single mpegs to single-title DVD ISOs. Auto-generation of title and fini menus. Customize menus, chapter points, images. Coded in Delphi 4.
dvd-to-ipod	This program helps users convert their personal DVDs to a format that they can just stick on their 5th generation iPods to watch.
dvd2avi	...makes conversion of DVDs to AVIs under Linux a real breeze.
dvd2xbox	dvd2xbox is a DVD/CD-R to hdd copy program for the xbox which supports the formats UDF/ISO9660/CDDA (Audio 2 Ogg ripping with freecddb naming, dvd ripping with libdvdread). It provides a simple all at once copy mode and a win commander style disc browser
dvd95	dvd95 is a gnome application to convert dvd 9 to dvd 5
dvdanimenu	Python-based command line program to generate animated subpicture movies for buttons in a DVD/VCD/etc menu.
dvdauthor	A set of tools to help you generate DVD files to be played back on a standalone DVD player.
dvdauthorwizard	This wizard will create a DVD with fully animated menu from MPEG-2 files. It is designed to be very easy to use. All you need to do is add one or more files to the playlist and answer the questions that follow.
dvdb	A utility to manage and easily locate and retrieve files in a collection of DVDs. (Typically backup DVDs).
dvdbase	dvdbase is a web driven database written in PHP and MySQL. It has the ability to catalog and store any dvd collection, and then display it.
dvdc	A simple Open Source DVD catalog application written in Java.  This application will provide an easy way to store a list of DVDs.
dvdcollector	DVD Collector is a software for organize all the DVD that you can have in home, using AMAZON.com as source for retrieving data.
dvdcopy	dvd copy does what the name implies, it copies the main feature of a dvd to the hard drive then shrinks it down to fit on a 4.7GB dvd then burns it to a dvd. This is good for making backup copies of dvds you legally own.
dvddisplayer	DVD Displayer finds and graphically displays all DVD&#039;s on any selected hard drives. Retrieves and stores movie plot, cover art and title information from the IMDB. Will then launch the DVD through any specified DVD player applications.
dvddump	DVDDump is a simple script which uses growisofs to burn DVD across multiple discs. It mimics dump for your backup purpose.
dvdesigner	Linux GUI Wrapper for several DVD authoring tools, such as dvdauthor, mkisofs written in Lazarus / FPC
dvdexchange	DVD lending library.  Borrow and lend dvds over your office network, with email reminders.
dvdflick	DVD Flick aims to be a tool to convert various PC video formats to a DVD that can be played on pretty much any standalone DVD player. It&#039;s main target audience is people who know at least the basics about DVDs and videoaudio files.
dvdflix	an online dvd rental &amp; sales sytem for my software project in school.
dvdhive	DVD Hive &amp; Swarm converts the source mpegs; auto-generates each title&#039;s DVD menus; and compiles each title to a DVD ISO image suitable for burning.
dvdhomevid	This project is deprecated and has been replaced!!!  Please refer to http://sourceforge.net/projects/dvd-homevideo.
dvdibbler	DVDibbler is an advanced GUI for the Mac OS port of MEncoder.
dvdindex	dvdindex is a CD/DVD archiving software for Linux.
dvdisaster	Additional error correction for CD and DVD media.
dvdj	DVDj is a Graphicall User Interface for DVD Author. It intends to be user-friendy, resourcefull and (why not?) good-looking.
dvdlet	DVDlet offers you and your friends a platform to organize your movie ratings and share them with each other in order to find the movie best suited for a group of people (e.g. when organizing a movie night).
dvdlibrary	A library for cataloging and sharing your dvd collection with your friends or co-workers.  Includes the ability to loan a movie to someone and check it back in (v. 0.2 and above).
dvdlibraryserv	This project is managing your DVD collection but different to other managing tools, this one uses webservices to retrieve data (content, actors, time, images, etc.)
dvdlist	The DVDList Project is a simple Intranet/Extranet web application designed to facilitate the sharing of personal DVD collections between a group of peers. The project is perl based (compatible with cgi/mod_perl servers) and expects a database back end.
dvdmake	DVDMake is a software to author DVD Menus and arrange tracks
dvdmanager	DVD Manager is an e107 CMS plugin. This plugin will enable users to manage their DVD collection and show it to other members via webbased interface.
dvdmb	DVD Master Backup has been designed for the backup of your DVD movies by transforming the DVD format to the DIVX format and to fit it on a standard 700MB compact disc.
dvdphiler	A comprehensive web-based DVD catalogue written in PHP which uses mySQL for storage. Store titles, year, synopses, comments, rating, boxart, studio, and other fields. Display all titles, by genre, studio, rating or any way that you wish. Built-in search.
dvdplugin	dvd-plugin for klaus schmidinger&#039;s vdr
dvdraid	As Hard Drives are raided together in pairs of 2 or 4 , or more .i&#039;m planning to do the same with dvd media , implementing a way to use raid with optical media . so a person with n drives will be able to read/write at n times the max speed of his dr
dvdrama	Personal Dvd, cd &amp; book catalogue J2EE web application. Accessible via web-browser and via mobile phone with a custom J2ME application.
dvdripomatic	A wizard-style GUI frontend to MEncoder, for creating backup copies of DVD disks to XviD format. The wizard is designed to be very easy to use, no technical knowledge required. The optimal settings are autodetected and should produce high quality output.
dvdriptools	Collection of bash scripts that operate DVD ripping tools. Programs: fppdvdmkv - create an MKV file container very easily
dvdsched	DVD Scheduler is a simple scheduling application for keeping track of DVD recordable media used with a DVD video recorder.
dvdscripts	DVD Scripts is a collection of scripts that assists with DVD authoring and backups.  Included are dvdmm (full motion menus), dvdvt (image/video slideshows featuring video transitions and audio), and securedvd (loop-aes encrypted DVD backups).
dvdshop	DVDShop is an example web application which shows the usage of different technologies (J2EE,XML/XSLT/JavaScript, Design Patterns) and tools (Apache tools, UML).
dvdshrink	Gtk2-PERL and BASH scripts for archiving and copying DVD content.
dvdspsubex	A simple Cocoa application that exports subtitle streams from DVD Studio Pro project files to a variety of text based subtitle file formats.
dvdstyler	DVDStyler is a crossplatform DVD Authoring System.
dvdstylerpe	DVDStyler Portable Edition is the DVDStyler DVD authoring system packaged as a portable app, so you can take it with you on a USB drive, iPod, etc and use it on any computer.
dvdthek	DVDThek is an application that manages a DVD film library or other media libraries like videos, disks or songs. Coded in Java language exclusively.
dvdtoogm	DVDtoOgm is a Video-Encoding-Fronted for DVD to Ogg-Media encoding. It uses different Audio- and Videocodecs and supports Subtitles and Chapters.
dvdtools	Some useful tools for dvd creating under linux. - A tool to create dvd audio (a king of giant musical slideshow) - A tool to create rapidly nice dvd menus - A tool to manage subtitles format - A tool to encode video files into dvd compliant files
dvdtriviamach	DVD Trivia Machine is an applicaiton to allow users easy creation of DVD based quizzes. It is intended that with a database of questions, some artwork and an idea of how the user wants the game to perform, that a Trivia DVD can easily be constructed.
dvdupc	DVDUPC provides a library, based in libdvdread, to generate a signature from a physical DVD.  After the dvd-signature is generated, DVDUPC provides an http lookup mechanism to convert the signature to a UPC code.
dvdvault	DVD-Vault turns a SCSI Medium Changer-based DVD Library into a single large archive space.  This is similar to the Magnavault or AMASS commercial products.  It is not a full Hierarchical Storage Manager (HSM) but it does have migration.
dvdweb	DVDWeb is a Web Service which provides organization/search/lookup services through JAX-RPC API. The search can be done against the builtin DB (the user\\&#039;s private list of DVDs according to UPC codes) or against other Internet sites such as imdb or y
dvdx	DVDx allows you to convert DVD to VCD2.0 or SCVD1.0 or DiVX (AVI) or Windows Media (WMV) in one step (including multiplexing, splitting). It produces very good quality movies in AVI/MPEG1/MPEG2/WMV9 format you don&#039;t need to have 5GB or more free on 
dvdxml	this project seeks to create the framework for a cddb/freedb like service for dvds.  the dvd&#039;s attributes will be described in an xml format, that can be queried via a standard api from any number of distributed repositories.  a reference implementa
dvdxul	An innovative and modular application to manage collections of DVDs, based on bleeding edges technologies for UI design and rendering (XUL), tremendously efficient XML database and modern protocols for content exchange with online content databases.
dvejxta	This project aims to build an architecture and implementation of a distributed virtual environment application (DVE).
dvex	Highly extensible, Java based visualisation framework with focus upon &quot;scientific&quot; plots (like scatter plots, histograms, parallel coordinates...) that support interactive exploring and model sharing between views (&quot;linking &amp; brushing&
dvf07name	The Pioneer DVF07 (or 727) 300 Disc CD changer has support for text titles and artists in the player. This connects to FreeDB.org and downloads the text to the player. While this is Win32 software, only the GUI is not portable. You could whip up a comman
dvforum	Very impressive forum script based on PHP4 and MySQL. Support of all basic functions, language packs and skins. Really good.
dvgrabgui	A dv capture tool, based on dvgrab, witch can be controled with the mouse
dvi2bitmap	Convert TeX DVI files directly to bitmaps -- XBM, GIF and PNG.  Fast and featureful C++ library and application.
dvi4eclipse	An Eclipse Plugin for viewing files in the DVI file format. Intended to plug into e.g. Eclipse LaTeX editors.
dvipng	This program makes PNG and/or GIF graphics from DVI files. It produces high-quality images while its internals are tuned for speed. It supports PK, VF, PostScript and TrueType fonts, color, PostScript inclusion, bitmap inclusion, and has CJK support
dvisvg	DVISVG tool for conversion from DVI to SVG
dvisvgm	The command line tool dvisvgm converts DVI files, as created by TeX/LaTeX, to the XML-based SVG format.
dviv	A DVI viewer that uses GGI for graphics and freetype2 for fonts. Is as generic as those two libraries.
dvoc	A configurable, real-time vocoder using ALSA.
dvonn	DVONN is a board game. It&#039;s addictive, mind-trapping and extremely intelligent. See http://www.gipf.com/dvonn/intro/intro.html for more information.
dvorak-kbd	Layouts for a German Dvorak Type II keyboard for the FreeBSD operating system.
dvoraktt	Dvorak Typing Tutor is an open source project created to teach the Dvorak keyboard layout. This project will be wrote in C++ for Linux, and Windows. This project will offer information about the Dvorak layout, and to aid anyone wanting to learn Dvorak.
dvorient	This project aims to develop the next generation operating system.\nIt is still in late planning/early development stage.
dvp	DVP is a visualization package mainly oriented to scientific area.
dvp-eve-tools	A collection of character management tools for use with EVE Online.
dvpn	A virtual private network created out of iptables, two small executables about 4k each, and duct tape.  Designed to scale to a very large number (&gt;65536) of small (~250 node) subnets, rather than a small number of large subnets.  See dvpn.sf.net for s
dvrbox	DVRBox allows you to edit dvr-ms files and convert them to xVid or x264. This is an all-in-one solution that will take you from a dvr-ms recording to an edited xVid or x264 format avi file.
dvremoting	Custom .NET Remoting channels (Named Pipes, TCP) with security support (via SSPI) written entirely in C#. Also includes custom binary formatter and unmanaged client written in C++.
dvrequant	dvrequant : Will rip a DVD-9 disc with one title and audio (max. 2 tracks) of your choice and requantize it (resize without re encoding) to fit on a DVD-R 4.7 with original chapters. DVD folder are created along with an ISO file. An option to burn DVD is
dvs	Database Versioning System (DVS) - A tool to facilitate development of databases in internet based., multi-developer environments.
dvstreetteam	Street Team is a online and offline viral marketing / campaign manager that works by creating an army of music fans that help to promote a band online and in their community.
dvt	The DICOM Validation Tool (DVT) is a software utility and a set of .NET components that will assist in testing the medical / healthcare protocol DICOM. DVT provides you the methods to transfer and validate DICOM objects.
dvtimeeye	DVTimeEye is an extension for Microsoft Windows Explorer which allows you view DV-AVI video clip(NTSC/PAL) meta date code easily from Windows Explorer.
dvtitler	DV Titler allows you to create  and edit titles that later you can add to your DV footage using a non linear video editor like Kino. As a file format it will use a dialect of SMIL and will be able to export DV.
dvtk	Digital Video and Image Processing Library
dvw-management	Member management for music bands
dvx	DVX is a video encoding tool with support for many source and target formats. Please visit the website at http://www.planetdvb.net/dvx to download recent versions.
dvzeec	This project aims to have a suite of scripts and GUI for capturing, converting and burning DV movies to CD (dvzeec) or DVD (dvzeec-dvd).
dw-boost-200	This project consists of improving the original firmware of the ADSL router Inventel DW-B-200, and providing an advanced support for the users.
dw2k	Massively multiplayer RPG in the style of the old Final Fantasy games, but with some modern influences(ie massively multiplayer and others).
dw2k1	it is used to fetch several System V IPC message queue infos, which ordinary implementation of ipcs didn\\&#039;t provide, e.g. scanning the system for active queues or. also, it comes with a tool to creat/destroy message queues and send messages over the
dw3	DW3 is a suite of software designed for micro-news organizations in the developing world.
dw3gparser	An opensource parser written in Delphi for w3g files. W3g being the replay format used by the &quot;Warcraft III&quot; game. Mainly intented for the parsing of Warcraft III expansion custom maps replay.
dw4lin	A WYSIWYG GUI-based HTML editor with real-time tag parsing and properties editor, as well as site management with link validation and updating.  Similar to a well known editor from Macromedia.
dwai	DWAI stands for Debian Web AutoInstaller. It&#039;s a script that integrates with the browser at mime type level and lets you install debian unofficial packages with a sinlge click on the websites pages that support it.
dwarf-2003	Generates and deploys a web application for invoking and testing any web service
dwarfcmp	DwarfComponents are librarys for .NET development, to make the programming of games easier. DwarfNet ist the important component. It provides some classes to create network games.
dwarfer	dwarfer is an open-source content management system/portal written in PHP, that aims to support modules for other similar projects as well as making it easy to write new ones
dwarfmfw	Today we must use different software to work on multimedia data in order to have the best result (one for video edition, one for sound edition, an other for effect rendering), this framework aims to provide tools which can plug together.
dwars	A simple clone of Dope Wars (which is a clone of &quot;Drug Wars&quot; by John E. Dell) That runs on Linux and DOS (or any system with curses)
dwautsav	DreamWeaver MX has no autosave function. This tool implements it by &#039;clicking&#039; on the Save, or Save All menu items for you (at a regular interval). It is a stand-alone program, not a DreamWeaver MX plugin.
dwbliki	A bliki bridges the gap between the two worlds, blog and Wiki. dwBliki is a bliki that integrates WordPress and DokuWiki.
dwc	A digital version of Apple&#039;s World Clock widget.
dwcc	Both Macromedia Dreamweaver and Rational ClearCase have open APIs.  The goal of this project is to create a ClearCase source control provider for Dreamweaver using the ClearCase automation library.
dwclantools	Die DWClanTools ermöglichen es mit nur wenigen Schritten eine komplette Clanpage zu erstellen, die alles beinhaltet was das DW und Clanleben erleichtert! - verbesserte Karte (mit Freunden, Klonberichten, etc.) - verwalten der Basisdaten - uvm.
dwcvs	This will utilize the instructions provided by Macromedia and http://www.macromedia.com/support/dreamweaver/downloads/scheaderfile.html to build a .dll that will allow for the use of a CVS server to store documents created in Dreamweaver MX.  Once CVS is
dwdepotext	Macromedia&#039;s Dreamweaver allows anyone to create &quot;plugins&quot; which allow one to enhance it&#039;s functionality via html/js and images.  A creative programmer can totally redo Dreamweaver&#039;s look and feel to create wholly new products.  
dweb	DWEB es un CMS rápido y fácil de usar, con soporte para varios sitios web en una base de datos.\n\nDWEB its a fast and easy-to-use CMS, with multiple-site support in one DB.
dwengine	The Twilight Minds Dynamic World Engine is the workhorse for a new way of dealing with plot and AI in MMORPGS and other CRPGS.
dwg-convert	AutoCAD drawings file version/format conversion tool for Linux written in C++ using the OpenDWG libray from the Open Design Alliance.  The binaries will include the OpenDWG library but you will have to get it for yourself to compile from source.  Additio
dwig	DWIG is a software tool that connects existing Delphi code with the Python scripting language. With DWIG, you can easily turn your Delphi units to Python extension modules. The extension modules can be used to control your existing Delphi programs.
dwim	A filter/shell for turning human language instructions into shell commands.
dwin	An effort to create a Graphical User Interface for DOS.
dwinkle	Simple ASP.NET portal software for web-based content creation / modification with full version change history
dwjbuilderaddin	A group of java addins for Borland&#039;s JBuilder Foundation 3.0, JBuilder 3.5, and JBuilder 4.0 IDEs.
dwl	Dragon Warrrior Legend is a huge fangame by Robin Pillai of the DW/DQ series.
dwl-1000ap-conf	A perl command line configuration tool for the D-Link DWL-1000AP Wireless Access Point (802.11). Uses SNMP.
dwlib	Debug Wrapper library is a library which set wrapper on some glibc function such fopen, close, fclose, unlink,.. and trace all io access. This avoid error such unlink an opened file, (problematic on NFS). No change need, only use the $LD_PRELOAD environm
dwlingo	DWLingo is a D.O.S. operating system. it runs only in protected mode, veryfies A20 gate end windows before starting, etc.
dwm	A rpg with a dragon warrior feel driven by what characters are in your party.
dworld	A free, open source, channel services designed for Delta IRC Daemon.
dwp	Change wallpaper every logon. This very small tool randomly selects images using a filter on filenames.
dwr	DWR is a Java open source library which helps developers wanting to write web sites that include AJAX technology. It allows code in a web browser to use Java functions running on a web server as if it was in the browser.
dwr-taglib	javascript code generator tag jsp ajax dwr spring
dwrap	The Donkey Wrapper is a curses-based wrapper to reformat and enhance the output of the ed2k command line client.
dwrapper	dhcpd-wrapper offers a simple way to create and maintain dhcpd.conf files in a complex setting, along with offering backup server capabilities.
dws	DelphiWebScript is a scripting language for use in Borland Delphi(tm) projects. The programming language is similar to Delphi. It&#039;s HTML features are optimal for web applications and report modules.
dwt	A cross-browser JavaScript library for the creation of inline DHTML windows to contain content; windows that can be opened, closed, moved, and resized much like native windows.
dwun	A program to bring up a ppp link when clients say they want the connection, and disconnect when no such clients remain.
dwworkflow	Datawarehouse process workflow server and generator of datawarehouse mappings. It allows to define dependencies between tables or files and processes and according to these metadata it runs processes in parallel.
dwx-colab-tools	DreamworX Collaboration Tools enables you to share and collaborate development documents and projects with associated users and groups. As well as an online highlighted text-edit, and chat/message function with in-project users.
dx-voice-conf	Getix uses Direct X extensions for voice conferencing. The goal of this project is to create a program (for Windows) that will allow lobbiable multi-user voice conferencing over LAN or the Internet.
dx0	DX0 is a library for PHP, Python and Perl that generates Dynamic HTML specific to the visitor&#039;s browser. DX0 focuses on generating tight, compact DHTML. IE4+, NS4+, and Mozilla M14+ have been tested and work well.
dx2dlib	The DirectX 2D Library provides support for creating 2D-worlds. You can use Collision Detection, Moving Sprites, Animated Sprites and many other stuff.
dx4lin	dx4lin - a powerful ham radio logger for unices. Supports plugins. Has a friendly user interface. And is very easy to configure for your needs. dx4lin main goal is to create a powerful logging system for radio amateurs, so they can use linux...
dxapi	A Delphi interface to the Apache Xindice native XML database system via XML-RPC, allowing Delphi developers to use Xindice.
dxcc	A modular C-language library, which parses (regex) radioamateur HAM callsign and prints its country or world region : F4ECW=France, LX2CR=Luxembourg, 4JAA=Azerbaidjan, TU5EX=Ivory Coast... Comes with a command-line interface. Useful for APRS.
dxf	DXF Viewer and Editor (Lines- Arcs - Circles - Polylines - Text - Trace - Solids)
dxf-svg-convert	A dxf to svg converter. Can be used to create pure svg files or Inkscape svg files with extra information like layers.
dxf2nc	A program to convert dxf CAD files to NIST compliant GCODE for both 2d and 3d toolpaths. VPython is used for visualization of the toolpaths and the dxf library from pycad is used to read the dxf files.
dxf2postgis	A tool to convert DXF files to PostGIS geometry tables. A single DXF file is converted to a PostgreSQL - PostGIS SQL script to create and populate five tables, using the AutoCAD information of point, line, polyline, text, circle, insert, and layer.
dxf2svg	Dxf2svg is a small perl script to convert a vector graphic into SVG format. Work will be concentrated on the autocad DXF format first.
dxflib	dxflib is an opensource C++ library for reading and writing AutoCAD (R) DXF files. It provides the functionality to read and write many basic entities as well as information about layers and blocks. From the author of QCad.
dxframework	A simple, illustrative, general purpose 2D and 3D computer game engine for MSVC using DirectX.
dxgame	Space - A DirectX Game, is a DirectX, C, C++ based game that can be runned on any OS system. Needs DirectX in order to run effectively and cleanly. Peer-to-Peer, LAN,  games as well as international gaming is available. Runs with 2+ players.
dxgettext	GNU GetText translation tools for Borland Delphi, Borland C++ Builder and Borland Kylix
dxglwrap	DirectX OpenGL Wrapper emulates API calls thru OpenGL commands and other platform specific commands in order to run DirectX 8 application running on other platform than Windows
dxhelper	DXHelper is a 3D engine written in C# for DirectX 9.0c or any other newer version.
dxlate	Yet another Tetris clone written for Windows/DirectX9.
dxmagic	Game system for game programming, it&#039;s consists of a group of libraries and samples to make full games
dxmailer	DxMailer stands for Distributed mailer.It was designed to send mass emails out from unlimited servers at same times,making use of the idle computing power and bandwidth.It supports smarty-like place holder in mail template and a mailling list from any db
dxml	The goal is to create a flexible language called &quot;dynamic XML&quot;. It should be very similar to XSP (as shipped with xml-cocoon from apache) but as a standalone API and of course with even more power :-)
dxnetlib	This project aims to produce a cross-platform, fully-featured network library.  Notable features will include client/server and peer to peer modes, NAT router compatibility, and realtime flow control.  It is written in C++ and uses TCP/IP.
dxocp	OCP is an open sourced community patch, to fix the many bugs of DeusEx, add new features, and reduce cheating (as much as possible) in multiplayer.
dxp3	The purpose of this project is to build a car mp3 player that uses voice control and infrared control.  Also, the computer will use the festival voice synthesis program to be able to inform the user and thus provide no need for a monitor in the car.
dxpopup	Project dxPopup is a JavaScript program written to be an alternative to the popup and window.open functions, but with a few added bonuses.
dxquake	This is a version of Quake / QuakeWorld code that has been modified to use Direct3D instead of OpenGL. Useful for people with graphics cards that do not support OpenGL (but do support Direct3D), for DirectX developers, and for comparing OpenGL performanc
dxr2	Dxr2 Resource Center is the community focus point for the Creative Dxr2 DVD decoder card. Drivers, plugins, documentation, etc are actively being developed that help users to get there dxr2 card to work.
dxr2gui	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
dxr3	This project is an attempt to provide the Linux community with kernel drivers for two hugely popular DVD playback cards namely DXR3 from Creative Labs and Hollywood Plus from Sigma Designs.
dxr3player	This project aims to create a DVD player for Linux and the Creative DXR3 (aka Sigma Designs Hollywood+) MPEG2 decoder board
dxr3plugin	dxr3-plugin for klaus schmidinger&#039;s vdr.
dxre	DXRE is a VB game engine created with DirectX 8 in 2d mode, intended for use of mainly RPG, Action, and Adventure games, even though it can be made into other kinds. It uses many of the more advanced features that DX8 includes, like alpha-blending and li
dxsh	Dynamically Extensible Shell can be configured dynamically depending on application need. User/Developer can extend/reduce  shell dynamically by adding /removing module or fine tune shell by adding filter modules over existing core module.
dxshark	Shader Assembly Compiler (SHARK) is a tool to perform automatic conversion from DirectX 9 pixel shader assembly language into a C++ code that performs corresponding OpenGL states setup via IHV?s propietary- or ARB-extensions.
dxsock	With this project I plan to create an online game with an easy to use library I have been working on. I will add to the Library when I need something for my game. The game is tile based and is currently very simple but works.
dxspider	The DXSpider DX Cluster is a linux based, (mainly) perl program designed to provide the same general functionality (and more) as the DOS version originally written by Dick Newell AK1A.
dxtra	This is a 2D DirectX game engine that is being developed for learning purposes.  The end product will be a robust 2D engine that can be used for a variety of games.
dxuli	DXULi(DHTML XUL interpreter) is a XUL rendering machine for IE, Opera and KHTML-based browsers such as Konqueror and Safari.
dxutil	DXUtil is an object-oriented C++ Win32 and low-level DirectX wrapper.  Specifically: all Win32, DirectX device enumeration and creation, lost devices, device changes.  Additional components are available, for example a resource loader/manager.
dxviewer	You lose again, nothing here and nobody used my prog xcept me so no use to trouble myself with any whinning moron.
dxx-rebirth	My project is dedicated to all the Descent Fans. It was founded to provide a platform to bring D1X and D2X back to modern systems. It&#039;s goal is it to get a good team around the ports to debug it completely and add new features and improvements.
dybs	DYBS is a PHP-XML PDF web-based yearbook creation system for easy construction of printable or web-distributable yearbooks.
dyconnect	DyConnect is a cross-platform networking library for C++. Features include: automatically synchronized variables for rapid development of networked games, multi-threaded TCP/IP, low-level UDP sockets, support for IPv4 and IPv6, and data compression.
dyd	dyd is php upside-down. it is a php framework that helps you to separate your display logic from your business logic. includes templating, themes, database abstraction, and reusable display modules.
dydblog	phpBlog is a web logger for the masses. unlike Xanga.com or Blogger.com (which send you spyware and adware) phpBlog is free of advertisements. It is based on dyd - which allows you to change templates and themes easily.
dyframe	DyFrame - A dylan binding to the FramerD Database
dyknl	The Dynamo Kernel Project intends to create a functional yet modular, powerful yet scalable microkernel for home, business and industry.
dyl	DYL (DynaBits Libray) is a C++ library of generic classes and functions that enhance the STL. It offers polymorphic containers, portable strings and paths, algorithms with function/method parameters and much more...
dylanlibs	A collection of useful libraries written in the Dylan programming language. The intent of this project is to provide easily accessible libraries for people developing applications using Functional Developer and/or Gwydion Dylan.
dymbio	DyMBio(Dynamic Model of Biological Organism ) has for objective to dynamically modelize every biological organism. In this first version, we modelize the human body and how iron circulates in the body.
dymfirewall	Program deploy a firewall, that is custom built, and is dynamic to the needs of the host. --  -- moved to www.siology.net
dymoum	DYMOUM is an implementation of the DYMO (Dynamic Manet On-demand) routing protocol both for Linux kernel and ns2 network simulator, written in C and C++.
dyn-admin-apps	Dynamic-Admin-Apps is a Collection of several small dynamic administrativ Webapplications written in Java to offer some deluxe functions for Webcontainer-Administrators or Developers.
dyn-dictionary	A program aiming to offer, among others, dictionary, grammar lessons, accurate phrase/sentence translations and interactive exercises for as many languages as possible
dyn-sys-svg-gen	Given a dynamic system as  matrix the program will generate SVG graphics suitable for inclusion on a webpage, as an separate SVG, or as an imbeded object in an interactive application, for entertainment and or insight into dyanmic systems.
dyn-treeview	Dynamic Treeview Tag Library is a custom tag for tree view presentation. The feature is to provide a flexible architecture for developer. You can define your own tree output strategy and use it in jsp with JSTL to customize its style,layout,content...etc
dyn2html	This is a PHP script for automatic crawling and transforming a dynamic site (php, asp, pl) into a static HTML one. All the internal links are replaced for a full-static navigation within your new site.
dyna-clone	A Dynablaster / Bomberman Clone that uses &quot;skins&quot;
dyna-gen	Dynagen is a utility for use with the dynamips Cisco router simulator. It allows you to quickly provision virtual networks using an INI like configuration file.
dyna2lz	Project aims to create bunch or tools to deal with ls-dyna simulation result files. First goal is to convert d3plot data into open, modern data format.
dyna3d	Dyna3D is a free, Bomberman-like game featuring a 1st-person-perspective in a three-dimensional enviroment. It&#039;s playable against the computer or others over a network for maximum fun. It&#039;s written in C++ using the OpenGL and SDL libraries.
dynace	Dynace is a portable Object Oriented extension to C utilizing a meta-object protocol and generics.  The OO features are similar to CLOS and Smalltalk (without their overhead)  and solves many problems associated with C++.
dynacombus	This PHP class eats an array and returns you an ALIGNED SELECT BOX. Quick, customizable and suports html-like parameters (table width=&quot;100&quot;, tr align=&quot;right&quot; etc...)
dynacore	The DynaCore Project is an Open Source Application Toolkit written in PHP designed to assist in the rapid development of web-based applications. The DynaCore System is fully layered with domain and service layers and an integrated templating engine.
dynadesk	DynaDesk is a PHP based ITSM tool. DynaDesk supports: - Automatic processing of support requests from a e-mail account. - Processing of submitted webforms. - Different rights and permissions for customers, supporters and groups. - Standard solutions.
dynadmin	dynAdmin is the first CMS of its kind. It allows you to manage your whole website based on individual pages, rather than news stories like other CMS&#039;s out there. dynAdmin helps you create professional, dynamic websites rather than dynamic weblogs.
dynaeis	An Enterprise Information System driven by a dynamic, object-orient enterprise model.
dynafire	A dynamic bi-directional firewall, in addition capable of allowing and disallowing internal trafic and the billing of that trafic in second units, it is also capable of billing in a currency  with rounding and minimal billing and access timeouts. PayAsYo
dynaform	This project is Java based dynamic form server. The emphasis is on robust form generation where the data source for each field can be from a variety of data sources, such as SQL databases. Each form and form field can be configured using an XML descripti
dynaforms	Dynamic online forms in RIA format.  Workflow intelligence with gates and lifecycle tracking.
dynafuse	Similar to Appfuse,Dynafuse is a J2ee web applicatoin architecture.EveryThing being dynamic is the main idea of Dynafuse,from DAO tier to Service tier and web tier,dynafuse provide a new way to model and code.
dynagraph	DynaGraph creates dynamic graphs based on data selected from a database query. Using PHP, DynaGraph accesses a MySQL database, and uses the results to plot information to a bar graph in the GIF format, using gd1.3.
dynagraph2	Dynagraph is a cross-platform library and command-line tool for dynamically drawing graphs (networks, flowcharts, family trees, etc.) in reponse to continual modifications. Included are DynaDAG for directed graphs and FDP force-directed placement.
dynagrid	DynaGrid is a tag library that provides a faster, easier and more friendly way to represent data in the front end of web based applications.
dynagui	Dynagui is a GUI frontend for the dynamips Cisco 7200 router simulator.
dynahtml	DynaHTML combines the advantages of static HTML pages with the flexibility of dynamic pages that employ server side scripting like php. This goal is reached using static HTML with inline script code that is converted to HTML on manual triggering.
dynamag	DynaMag is a screen magnifier for Unix/Linux. It runs as an X application that enlarges an area around the mouse pointer 2 to 9 times. It is aimed toward visual impaired users who need access to Unix/Linux.
dynaman	Dynaman is a try to create a game like &quot;Dyna Blaster&quot; in C++, supporting Windows and Linux (and probably even more Operating Systems). The code is based on libSDL. It currently supports walking, placing bombs and goodies, we want to add LAN sup
dynamator	Dynamator enables complete separation of server-side code from HTML. Dynamator combines standard HTML with files containing server code to create standard server pages in technologies like JSP, XSL, PHP, and Java.
dynamechs	C++ library for configuring and simulating the dynamics of multibody systems.  Currently the class of tree structured systems are supported (with closed loops coming soon).
dynamic	The library in C++ for numerical modeling any dynamic systems.
dynamic-apache	dyanamically balancing the web server laod by clustering
dynamic-dns	DynamicDNS allows you to alias a dynamic IP address to a static host name.
dynamic-engine	Nexsys Dynamic Engine (NDE) is a powerful, modular community package that allows individuals, organizations, and companies to create dynamic, content-driven websites. It uses, PHP, MySQL and Ajax to provide a cutting edge technology feel to your website.
dynamic-oc	System status (FSB,Vcore,Fan speeds) management daemon for linux implementing dynamic overclocking algorithm on Epox RDA3i mainboard with NForce2 chipset and ATXP1 voltage controlling chip (adding other mainboards and chipsets is planned)
dynamic-router	The project consists of a router that handles the following protocols: RIP V1 and V2, BGP and OSPF. It will be developed in C and under Linux.
dynamic-switch	Linux Dynamic Switch (IP/MAC Killer) is designed to switch datagram based on the incoming network interface. The switch will not check the IP (or MAC) address of those datagram. It will forward the packages to the proper outgoing network interface(s). Th
dynamic-vc	Dynamic VC is a simple daemon allowing spawning of new virtual consoles dynamically. It  also cleans up unused ones.
dynamic-webscan	Website scanner which is used to find possible vulnerabilities with your Dynamic Webpages. Displays the entire website structure that can be found on the output of your pages. Detects SQL injection, cross site scripting and other web vulnerabilities.
dynamic3d	Dynamic 3D Network Platform is a 3d platform, that streams all needed data over network from a server to a client, and therefor is universal useable. For the developer ONE server for all OS&#039;s and for user ONE client for all games/applications.
dynamicappmenu	A dynamic launch menu that lets you browses through directories and displays descriptions and screenshots of applications. It is ideal for cd menus and other launch menu requirements for lazy people like me ;)
dynamicaspects	This project is no longer maintained! DynamicAspects enables you to do aspect-oriented programming in pure Java. Using the &quot;instrumentation&quot; and &quot;agent&quot; features introduced with Sun JDK 1.5, aspects can be installed and deinstalled du
dynamicbits	Several utilities for Windows 9x/2000/XP, including LANLink and RAM Optimizer.  Code focues on being efficient and should not require the latest hardware to run.
dynamicdispatch	A nonintrusive, covariant replacement for applying the VISITOR pattern. A small library which can be applied to extend existing classes without modifying them. Dispatching can be performed by reflection or dynamic byte code generation.
dynamicdns	The Dynamic DNS project aims to provide a free and open dynamic dns server and a suite of multi-language api tools for integrating dynamic dns services into applications.
dynamicdom	dynamicDOM aims to create an infrastructure that will enable programmers to write their code in the form of an XML file in which program data and logic may be intertwined.
dynamicdraw	Dynamic Draw Professional is an quite powerful vector graphics editor. I&#039;ve been developing it for long years but now I wish to develop it with others.\nI hope many people have interest in and touch it.
dynamicfacades	Automatic construction of Java fa?ades based on defined inputs, pre-conditions, processes, outputs and effects. Dynamic Fa?ades may be used when learning a new API or to create adaptive software.
dynamicimap	Dynamichell secure imapd daemon
dynamicjasper	DynamicJasper is an API that hides Jasper Reports complexity, it helps developers to save time when designing simple/medium complexity reports. It lets create reports dynamically -defining at runtime columns, column width, groups, variables, fonts, etc-
dynamicjni	DynamicJNI is a Java-based framework for better handling of JNI based integrations.  DynamicJNI provides a robust framework for making JNI more dynamic and hot-swappable than the out-of-the-box features provided with the JVM.
dynamicme	A virtual machine runs on the J2ME MIDP 1.0 CLDC 1.0 platform providing the ability to deploy code dynamically, which will enable the mainstream mobile phones to downloand and run large and complex program such as big game.
dynamicmud	A modular MUD server that allows for reloading of all major game components (command parser, combat and spell engines - character and item types)
dynamicquery	dynamicquery is a dynamic query generator ,it can works base on SQL/HQL/EQL .
dynamics	The Dynamics  Mobile IP system is a scalable, dynamical, and hierarchical Mobile IP software for Linux operating system. In addition, Dynamics mobile node is partially ported for Microsoft Windows (98SE, ME, NT4, 2000).
dynamicsig	A Simple tutorial to explain how to use your own php dynamic image.\nAlso includes the dynamic.php file to demonstrate and use it at will.
dynamicsql	DSQL (&quot;Dynamic&quot; SQL) is a scripting language for SQL, aka Perl for JDBC. It allows rapid development of code to perform database programming, data warehousing and import/export from databases, XML, Excel, etc.
dynamicws	Prototype to examine techniques of generating web services at run-time (not compile time) from a static service description.
dynamique	Reproductor de audio multiformato para Windows. Tambien incluye un buscador de letras de canciones.
dynamis	Dynamis is a collection of software tools for studying dynamical systems including code fragments for other systems (R, GNU octave) and standalone programs.
dynamite	A Linux user-level process checkpointing facility for single processes, MPI based parallel processes, including interfaces to the PBS and Globus job scheduling mechanisms.
dynamiteproject	DynAMITE - a software framework for dynamic adaptive multimodal IT ensembles.
dynamito	Another Bomberman like game, with multiplayer (death-match/team-match) network support, written in Java.
dynamix	A portal addon with user articles for IPB 2.1
dynamo	Born as an extension for Firefox, it is a web IDE for creating web sites of any kind directly from the browser and online. Layouting pages on the fly and connecting to DB&#039;s. The first stage/phase is PHP-Javascript driven, also XML, XSLT, and maybe X
dynamoes	Dynamoes: A dominoes style game racing to match tiles.
dynamomocks	Mock Objects for ATG Dynamo defines mock objects that simulate services provided by the ATG Dynamo application server.
dynamonews	DynamoNews is a simple, easy to install, lightweight, dynamic news posting system in php. Its extremely easy to install DynamoNews and you can include the news on your existing pages easily.
dynamos	DynamOS is a dynamic real-time operating system that can handle different quality of service levels.
dynamoserver	A web server application written in C# .NET with the hopes of ultimately not requiring any installation, and saving configuration in XML, with a separate config .exe that modifies the XML. Design-Oriented, with many features eventually to be implemented 
dynaphp	A PHP application that allows users to create dynamic sites with the greatest of ease, requires PHP (At least 5.0) and MySQL. Based on a module system so users can add and remove modules at their liking. (Besides integrated modules)
dynapi	The DynAPI project is designed to help enhance the DynAPI Dynamic HTML Library originally created by Dan Steinman.
dynaplateblog	A CMS, or maybe a KMP (knowledge management platform.) DynaPlateBlog does web site content management and blogging with Atom, XMLRPC, snippets, a file repository, customizable templates, collaborative blog projects, a simple CGI installation process and
dynapyide	The DynAPI &lt;!-- I D E --&gt; is aimed at being an extensible tool for easy and correct development of dynamic webpages with client-side scripting with focus on the HTML Document Object Model as controlled by ECMA/Javascript.
dynarip	DynaRipper was discntinued....
dynarr	The dynarr package is a collection of simple and easy to use functions for dynamic arrays in a shared library written in C with C++ compatibility for use in linux platforms. It comes with an efficiency tester.
dynasoar	DynaSoar is a scalable architecture for high performance AI applications. It extends Soar - a general cognitive architecture as the AI engine. DynaSoar is a distributed-centralized multi-computer system providing SSI for multiple node instances of Soar.
dynastic	Build a thriving economy as an engine to military might!  Pocket C based Palm game is one part civilization role playing, one part IR based combat.
dynatable	DynaTable is an API written in JavaScript that enables the implementation of dynamically repeating dataset interfaces within modern browsers, consisting of a number of classes that can be instantiated with specific visual and functional parameters.
dynatalk	The DynaTalk DynAPI distribution is a DHTML library that includes an extensible client-side network/messaging subsystem, allowing developers to create truly live, stateful, and responsive web applications using open technology.
dynatos	DynatOS is an Operating System with a kernel starting on the x86 architecture designed completely in x86 (NASM) Assembly Language.
dynazmap	A C++ extension library to Ogre. This will be a scenemanager to load compressed maps. Specialized occlusion culling and collision surfaces included. Dynamic use of organization to be attempted [octree/spheretree..] w/o reloading data.
dynbookmarks	Dynamic Bookmarks is a PHP page that interfaces with a MySQL Database to provide a dynamic bookmarks webpage in a table-format with categories that you can then use as the homepage in your browser.  It also includes a multi-site search form.
dyncg	A truly open and dynamic character sheet generator for roll playing games. Web based for maximum portability, without server requirement.
dynclass	This project lets you create java Classes on-the-fly at runtime, with any superclass, interfaces and methods you like.  Great for creating JavaBeans from dynamic data!  Similar to java.lang.reflect.Proxy but more powerful.
dynclass-eg	The project shows how to build a dynamic Java class on the fly, with examples.  It uses the gnu.bytecode Java package to do this.  The example is a full featured demonstration program that will be completely in the public domain.
dyncms	DynamicCMS will be a simple web content management system, that can be extended by programmers without exactly knowing what&#039;s going on in the background. It should be as simple as possible for the users to maintain a even complex website using Dynam
dyncompiler4j	This project provides a simple facade for interacting with Java compilers, compiling Java code as strings to Java Classes. This project also provides several adapters for common Java compilers.
dyncyg	A dynamic launcher for Cygwin. Maintain multiple Cygwin installations. Create Cygwin distributions that do not require use of setup.exe. Login using an alternative user name or home directory. Supports Cygwin in dynamic login environments such as LDAP.
dyndaemon	dyndaemon runs from command line or cron, takes the actual IP address from the external interface and checks that a list of daemons&#039; config files are correctly configured with that address to listen to. If not, it changes it and restarts the daemons
dyndns	dyndns enables a host with dynamic ip to gain a permanent static FQDN, using a friendly nameserver.
dyndns-updater	The program dynDNS-Updater is a universal program to update DNS information. It is written in Java 5.0 and runs as a daemon. Additional information can be accessed through the projects home page.
dyndns-webmin	DynDNS Manager for Webmin is a module for the Webmin system administration tool.  Its purpose is to provide the the ability to manage the settings of multiple dynamic DNS services used by the system and to automate the process of updating the IP addresse
dyndns1	Want to run your own Dynamic DNS System just like dyndns.org? Well now you can.
dyndns2nslookup	DynDns compatible php-Script to put DynDns-Requests into Bind-DNS-Server with nsupdate.
dyndnsd	dyndnsd is a Dynamic DNS Daemon for both Linux and Windows machines to allow automatic updates of DNS entries of major Dynamic DNS Suppliers.
dyndnsj	The purpose of this project is making the client which updates IP automatically to www.dyndns.org. We make it perform by programming by java on many platforms.
dyndnsupdate	dyndnsupdate is a program that updates your hostname registered at dyndns.org with your ip address and other things releated to your host.
dyndnsupdater	PHP scripts for Dynamic Dns update.
dynee5	DyneE5 emulates the ARM-based Newton PDA on various desktop environments. DyneE5 is a purely educational project, helping to get a deeper understanding of this fascinating machine.
dynetica	Dynetica -- a simulator of DYnamic NETworks, is a user friendly tool for constructing, analyzing, and visuaslizing biological networks
dynics	Dynics is an operating system for the 64-bit IBM-compatible PC, focussing on services for dedicated audio and MIDI processing. Dynics turns the PC into a powerfull and stable studio component. This is one step towards the DSC: Dynics Studio Computer.
dynimageservlet	A servlet (Java) which allows its users to dynamically change an image&#039;s size or apply some transformations to it, using a cache and possibly fetching images from remote servers.
dynimshout	A PHP and mySQL powered shoutbox displayed in an image. Great for forum signatures.
dynipsec	dynipsec solves the problem with dynamic ip addresses on both ends of an ipsec tunnel using FreeSWAN under Linux. It distributes the dynamic ips (and PTP addresses) to each peer of the ipsec tunnels via ssh and rebuilds the ipsec.conf and ipsec.secrets e
dynis	dynis (=dynamic IP Stalker) is a package that can be first of all used to keep dyndns-entries up-to-date and second to resolve dyndns-entries to ip-adresses via a swt-gui.
dynksys	Dynamically update your network&#039;s external IP address to a host name service such as DHS International (dhs.org) or DynDNS.org (dyndns.org) so that you can access your network using a host name.  Even works behind routers such as Linksys and Netgear
dynmanager	Managing project for advance user (Leader, manager ...)
dynmvts	Web Interface Dynamic routing tools for MERA VoIP Transit Softswitch, based on Freeradius.
dynner	Dynner is a client to the DynDNS service at http://www.dyndns.org/.
dyno	Dyno provides an object oriented graphics API which should be easier and more intuitive to use than OpenGL. It features rendering of triangles, textures, lighting, and z-buffering.
dynocreature	A basic, mysql backed implementation of a tomagachi-type game that tries to allow a dynamic pet interaction experience.
dynomite	Currently hosting phpwhosonline for phpwebsite and more to come.
dynomitest	Java api to automate web browsers through the ui.  Intended for automating acceptance tests as part of an Agile development process.  Supports DHtml, managing mutliple windows, and contains robust Dom navigation api, and can be used for load testing.
dynoparse	dynoparse (dynamic option parser) is a python package that implements a flexible and configurable way for cli option handling.
dynopoly	Dynamic Monoploy-Clone made by &quot;Gruppe 1&quot;
dynopp	DynO++ is a C++ framework for creating highly reusable software modules. Objects are compiled as dynamic modules and are connected together with a signal/callback mechanism. The package also provides a script language for loading and connecting objects.
dynpageplus	DynPagePlus is an extension to the existing SAP DynPage (tm) framework. Extending it to make the development of DynPages easier and and less error prone by automating lifespan processes and providing automatic binding of values from controls to propertie
dynpet	Dynpet is a game in which you take care of a virtual pet, similar to the tamagotchi. It is programmed in Ruby and licensed under the GPL.
dynpopdns	This is a bash script that provides to a Linux DNS server Dynamic DNS capabilities using any pop3 client.
dynprobe	Dynamic Probe Class Library (DPCL) is an object based C++ class library that provides the infrastructure for programming tool developers and sophisticated tool users to build parallel and serial tools through technology called dynamic instrumentation.
dynsched	This project is aimed to switch the linux cpu-scheduler at runtime. You can even run different schedulers on each cpu on an SMP System.
dynscript-net	This is a framework for the creation of dynamic scripting languages on the .NET platform. Static typing, type inference, and true derivation from .NET classes are also planned. Two projects built on this are Boa and NetLisp. It is a work in progress.
dynsrouter	DynsRouter is an application for updating a dynamic dns with the ip address retrieved the router. When the dynamic ip address changes, the application updated the dynamic dns provider. Supports Asus-wl500g and all webcams supported by the router. DynsRou
dynswapd	Based on ideas from swapd, dynswapd is a Linux swap manager that aims to be more configurable, predictable and support management of both swap files and partitions.
dynthumbnails	a .NET ASP web application to display pictures from a web directory. It generates thumbnails and image previews on the fly.
dyntrans	Tools allowing changing translation of Qt applications in runtime.
dynuose	An Online server engine for role playing game based on the UO(Ultima Online) system (Derevative from RunUO)
dynusb	Dynusb is a set of bash scripts, working with hotplug, to manage mount/umount action of usb devices.
dynwebcd	The purpose of this project is to create a system which can load Apache (or another http server), mySQL server &amp; PHP or PERL or ASP from a CD-ROM and then make a presentation of a dynamic website without being ONLINE.
dynwebserv	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
dynwin	Dynwin is a small Java Script library, which is designed create dynamic windows inside a web-page. Windows created by dynwin are browser-independent and highly customizable. AJAX technology support allows updating windows content without reloads.
dynxao	Dynamics Add-Ons
dynxform	Dynamic XML Forms engine is a framework for fast and easy web application developmet based on dynamic forms concept (like XForms)
dynxmlgui	Dynamicly generated XML-described GUI remote control interface for Windows CE Written in visual C++.  The interface may be used to send UDP control commands other software such as an LIRC daemon generate inferred commands for home entertainment equipment
dyonisos	Dyonosos is a .NET client for SugarCRM. Its features off line capabilities, \tMultithreaded, UMPC User interface. Target are sales and service people that are on the road not always connected.
dyooz	A light, interactive system for maintaining a record of outstanding payments amongst individuals or a group of individuals featuring reminders, charge-splitting tools etc.
dysh	Dysh project provides a set of JavaScript functions that allows the highlight of source code in many programming languages on the fly, and enables customization of your highlight scheme through CSS.
dyskolos	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
dyson	This project is yet another attempt to build a fully operational MMORPG based on Free (as in speech) and Free (as in beer) code. This work stands on the shoulders of giants, but will contribute tons of new content and code.
dystrem	All POSIX (Linux/BSD/UNIX-like OSes)
dz3d	3dFB is a 3d File Manager.  2d file managers work nicely, but with 3d you can display much more information.  The aim of this project is to make a viable, workable, 3d file manager that is not a hog on resources and can actually be usable.
dzacp	The DZAdministrative Control Panel is a system built using the powers of PHP and SQL to enable users to easily create and manage content on their website. It comes with multiple features and you can also download more as we release them.
dzcomm	Dzcomm is an RS-232 API for as many OS / platforms as we can achieve. Originally designed to work on DOS alongside the allegro games programming library it can now work work alongside it as well as independently of it and works on some unixes as well.
dzcp	deV!L`z ClanPortal is a CMS-System for Online-Gaming-Clans.
dzeeemp	dZeeemp CMS. Crossplatform PHP/MySQL/PostgreSQL content managment system.
dzen	A fully scriptable multipurpose messaging, notification and launcher utility designed to work well with window managers like dwm, wmii, ion and many others.
dzine	Dzine is a case tool for OOAD. Draw use case,interaction,class,deployment,ER Diagrams. Code generation in C++ and java and for SQL. Reverse engg design from code. Just put in your  Java or C++ code and generate class diagrams.
dziobber	Dzióbber is a lightweight jabber client written in c++ using gtkmm as GUI toolkit and loudmouth (jabber library).
dzongkha	Localization of Linux operating system to Dzongkha Language.This project aims to provide full Dzongkha computing capability to the user with all the interfaces in Dzongkha language.
dzt	Dzt is a YATGT (Yet Another Tabbed GNOME Terminal). It was inspired by PowerShell, which did not seem stable enough for daily use. Dzt&#039;s main goal is to provide a multi-tabbed/paged terminal for GNOME which is simple, configurable, and quick to use.